to imagine the life of harry potter as a martial arts adventure told by a lobotomized woody allen is to have some idea of the fate that lies in store for moviegoers lured to the mediocrity that is kung pow : enter the fist . 
it's a much more emotional journey than what shyamalan has given us in his past two movies , and gibson , stepping in for bruce willis , is the perfect actor to take us on the trip . 
whether you like rap music or loathe it , you can't deny either the tragic loss of two young men in the prime of their talent or the power of this movie . 
frequent flurries of creative belly laughs and genuinely enthusiastic performances . . . keep the movie slaloming through its hackneyed elements with enjoyable ease . 
instead of hiding pinocchio from critics , miramax should have hidden it from everyone . 
if the title is a jeopardy question , then the answer might be " how does steven seagal come across these days ? " or maybe " how will you feel after an 88-minute rip-off of the rock with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering ? 
this formulaic chiller will do little to boost stallone's career . 
this is mild-mannered , been-there material given a pedestrian spin by a director who needed a touch of the flamboyant , the outrageous . 
this may be burns's strongest film since the brothers mcmullen . 
a refreshing change from the usual whoopee-cushion effort aimed at the youth market . 
it almost feels as if the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us . 
meticulously uncovers a trail of outrageous force and craven concealment . 
measured against practically any like-themed film other than its oscar-sweeping franchise predecessor the silence of the lambs , red dragon rates as an exceptional thriller . 
kicks off with an inauspicious premise , mopes through a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings and then ends with a whimper . 
this is a dark , gritty , sometimes funny little gem . 
execrable . 
the movie's accumulated force still feels like an ugly knot tightening in your stomach . but is that knot from dramatic tension or a symptom of artistic malnutrition ? 
a psychic journey deep into the very fabric of iranian . . . life . 
as a girl-meets-girl romantic comedy , kissing jessica steinis quirky , charming and often hilarious . yet it's not quite the genre-busting film it's been hyped to be because it plays everything too safe . 
though it runs 163 minutes , safe conduct is anything but languorous . it's packed to bursting with incident , and with scores of characters , some fictional , some from history . 
breen's script is sketchy with actorish notations on the margin of acting . 
a sub-formulaic slap in the face to seasonal cheer . 
has all the right elements but completely fails to gel together . 
if " lilo & stitch " isn't the most edgy piece of disney animation to hit the silver screen , then this first film to use a watercolor background since " dumbo " certainly ranks as the most original in years . 
it's supposed to be a humorous , all-too-human look at how hope can breed a certain kind of madness -- and strength -- but it never quite adds up . 
a mix of gritty realism , crisp storytelling and radiant compassion that effortlessly draws you in . 
while the resident evil games may have set new standards for thrills , suspense , and gore for video games , the movie really only succeeds in the third of these . 
a film really has to be exceptional to justify a three hour running time , and this isn't . 
it won't bust your gut -- and it's not intended to -- it's merely a blandly cinematic surgical examination of what makes a joke a joke . 
it's a boring movie about a boring man , made watchable by a bravura performance from a consummate actor incapable of being boring . 
the problem with antwone fisher is that it has a screenplay written by antwone fisher based on the book by antwone fisher . 
befuddled in its characterizations as it begins to seem as long as the two year affair which is its subject
once again , director jackson strikes a rewarding balance between emotion on the human scale and action/effects on the spectacular scale . 
a tone of rueful compassion . . . reverberates throughout this film , whose meaning and impact is sadly heightened by current world events . 
reinforces the talents of screenwriter charlie kaufman , creator of adaptation and being john malkovich . 
rambles on in a disjointed , substandard fashion from one poorly executed action sequence to the next . 
over the years , hollywood has crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies , and ice age only improves on it , with terrific computer graphics , inventive action sequences and a droll sense of humor . 
i didn't laugh . i didn't smile . i survived . 
an occasionally funny , but overall limp , fish-out-of-water story . 
exploitative and largely devoid of the depth or sophistication that would make watching such a graphic treatment of the crimes bearable . 
the script's judgment and sense of weight is way , way off . 
 . . . a cute and sometimes side-splittingly funny blend of legally blonde and drop dead gorgeous , starring piper perabo in what could be her breakthrough role . 
tense , terrific , sweaty-palmed fun . 
this is a film well worth seeing , talking and singing heads and all . 
it's quite diverting nonsense . 
half of it is composed of snappy patter and pseudo-sophisticated cultural observations , while the remainder . . . would be more at home on a daytime television serial . 
demme gets a lot of flavor and spice into his charade remake , but he can't disguise that he's spiffing up leftovers that aren't so substantial or fresh . 
less funny than it should be and less funny than it thinks it is . 
jose campanella delivers a loosely autobiographical story brushed with sentimentality but brimming with gentle humor , bittersweet pathos , and lyric moments that linger like snapshots of memory . 
the problem with movies about angels is they have a tendency to slip into hokum . a rumor of angels doesn't just slip -- it avalanches into forced fuzziness . 
made by jackasses for jackasses . 
so few movies explore religion that it's disappointing to see one reduce it to an idea that fits in a sampler . 
while it would be easy to give crush the new title of two weddings and a funeral , it's a far more thoughtful film than any slice of hugh grant whimsy . 
the affectionate loopiness that once seemed congenital to demme's perspective has a tough time emerging from between the badly dated cutesy-pie mystery scenario and the newfangled hollywood post-production effects . 
wanders all over the map thematically and stylistically , and borrows heavily from lynch , jeunet , and von trier while failing to find a spark of its own . 
the cinematic equivalent of patronizing a bar favored by pretentious , untalented artistes who enjoy moaning about their cruel fate . 
 . . . delivers few moments of inspiration amid the bland animation and simplistic story . 
pumpkin wants to have it both ways . 
van wilder has a built-in audience , but only among those who are drying out from spring break and are still unconcerned about what they ingest . 
i saw knockaround guys yesterday , and already the details have faded like photographs from the spanish-american war . . . it's so unmemorable that it turned my ballpoint notes to invisible ink . 
bogdanich is unashamedly pro-serbian and makes little attempt to give voice to the other side . 
sexy and romantic . 
only a few minutes elapse before the daddy of all slashers arrives , still with the boiler suit and white mask , which look remarkably clean for a guy who has been mass-murdering since 1978 but has never been seen doing laundry . 
 . . . surprisingly inert for a movie in which the main character travels back and forth between epochs . 
shaky close-ups of turkey-on-rolls , stubbly chins , liver spots , red noses and the filmmakers new bobbed do draw easy chuckles but lead nowhere . 
this is a children's film in the truest sense . it's packed with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message , so it's great for the kids . parents , on the other hand , will be ahead of the plot at all times , and there isn't enough clever innuendo to fil
brings awareness to an issue often overlooked -- women's depression . 
this tuxedo . . . should have been sent back to the tailor for some major alterations . 
trailer trash cinema so uncool the only thing missing is the " gadzooks ! " 
except for paymer as the boss who ultimately expresses empathy for bartleby's pain , the performances are so stylized as to be drained of human emotion . 
time stands still in more ways that one in clockstoppers , a sci-fi thriller as lazy as it is interminable . 
a cheap scam put together by some cynical creeps at revolution studios and imagine entertainment to make the suckers out there surrender $9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life . 
a whole lot foul , freaky and funny . 
a sham construct based on theory , sleight-of-hand , and ill-wrought hypothesis . 
the movie's plot is almost entirely witless and inane , carrying every gag two or three times beyond its limit to sustain a laugh . 
a brutally honest documentary about a much anticipated family reunion that goes wrong thanks to culture shock and a refusal to empathize with others . 
simple , poignant and leavened with humor , it's a film that affirms the nourishing aspects of love and companionship . 
here's my advice , kev . start reading your scripts before signing that dotted line . 
the humor is forced and heavy-handed , and occasionally simply unpleasant . 
the members manage to pronounce kok exactly as you think they might , thus giving the cast ample opportunity to use that term as often as possible . it's very beavis and butthead , yet always seems to elicit a chuckle . 
the hook is the drama within the drama , as an unsolved murder and an unresolved moral conflict jockey for the spotlight . 
allen's underestimated charm delivers more goodies than lumps of coal . 
mushes the college-friends genre ( the big chill ) together with the contrivances and overwrought emotion of soap operas . 
 " the quiet american " begins in saigon in 1952 . that's its first sign of trouble . 
warmed-over hash . 
wishy-washy . 
instead of accurately accounting a terrible true story , the film's more determined to become the next texas chainsaw massacre . but what about the countless other people who'd merely like to watch a solid tale about a universally interesting soul ? 
peppering this urban study with references to norwegian folktales , villeneuve creates in maelstrom a world where the bizarre is credible and the real turns magical . 
we can see the wheels turning , and we might resent it sometimes , but this is still a nice little picture , made by bright and friendly souls with a lot of good cheer . 
without heavy-handedness , dong provides perspective with his intelligent grasp of human foibles and contradictions . 
freundlich's made [crudup] a suburban architect , and a cipher . 
a genuine mind-bender . 
holofcener rejects patent solutions to dramatize life's messiness from inside out , in all its strange quirks . 
ritchie may not have a novel thought in his head , but he knows how to pose madonna . 
lawrence preaches strictly to the converted . 
at times auto focus feels so distant you might as well be watching it through a telescope . yet in its own aloof , unreachable way it's so fascinating you won't be able to look away for a second . 
i have always appreciated a smartly written motion picture , and , whatever flaws igby goes down may possess , it is undeniably that . 
brings to a spectacular completion one of the most complex , generous and subversive artworks of the last decade . 
the pianist is the film roman polanski may have been born to make . 
femme fatale offers nothing more than a bait-and-switch that is beyond playing fair with the audience . are we dealing with dreams , visions or being told what actually happened as if it were the third ending of clue ? 
leigh's daring here is that without once denying the hardscrabble lives of people on the economic fringes of margaret thatcher's ruinous legacy , he insists on the importance of those moments when people can connect and express their love for each other . 
director uwe boll and writer robert dean klein fail to generate any interest in an unsympathetic hero caught up in an intricate plot that while cleverly worked out , cannot overcome blah characters . 
you don't have to be an especially tough grader to give a charitable b-minus to the emperor's club . 
after collateral damage , you might imagine that most every aggrieved father cliché has been unturned . but no . 
although melodramatic and predictable , this romantic comedy explores the friendship between five filipino-americans and their frantic efforts to find love . 
moretti . . . is the rare common-man artist who's wise enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile -- than happiness . 
possibly not since grumpy old men have i heard a film so solidly connect with one demographic while striking out with another . 
the movie does its best to work us over , with second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies , and the lush scenery of the cotswolds . 
drama of temptation , salvation and good intentions is a thoughtful examination of faith , love and power . 
this is just lazy writing . even kids deserve better . 
this director's cut -- which adds 51 minutes -- takes a great film and turns it into a mundane soap opera . 
a listless sci-fi comedy in which eddie murphy deploys two guises and elaborate futuristic sets to no particularly memorable effect . 
it won't harm anyone , but neither can i think of a very good reason to rush right out and see it . after all , it'll probably be in video stores by christmas , and it might just be better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies . 
lovely and poignant . puts a human face on a land most westerners are unfamiliar with . 
rosenthal ( halloween ii ) seems to have forgotten everything he ever knew about generating suspense . 
a colorful , vibrant introduction to a universal human impulse , lushly photographed and beautifully recorded . 
a family film that contains some hefty thematic material on time , death , eternity , and what is needed to live a rich and full life . 
i don't think this movie loves women at all . 
director david jacobson gives dahmer a consideration that the murderer never game his victims . 
disturbing and brilliant documentary . 
allen's funniest and most likeable movie in years . 
one big blustery movie where nothing really happens . when it comes out on video , then it's the perfect cure for insomnia . 
in the pianist , polanski is saying what he has long wanted to say , confronting the roots of his own preoccupations and obsessions , and he allows nothing to get in the way . 
stinks from start to finish , like a wet burlap sack of gloom . 
baby-faced renner is eerily convincing as this bland blank of a man with unimaginable demons within . 
a return to pure disney magic and is enjoyable family fare . 
succeeds as a well-made evocation of a subculture . 
there's enough melodrama in this magnolia primavera to make pta proud yet director muccino's characters are less worthy of puccini than they are of daytime television . 
forgettable horror -- more gory than psychological -- with a highly satisfying quotient of friday-night excitement and milla power . 
the production values are up there . the use of cgi and digital ink-and-paint make the thing look really slick . the voices are fine as well . the problem , it is with most of these things , is the script . 
nearly surreal , dabbling in french , this is no simple movie , and you'll be taking a risk if you choose to see it . i enjoyed the ride ( bumps and all ) , creamy depth , and ultimate theme . 
can't seem to get anywhere near the story's center . 
one feels the dimming of a certain ambition , but in its place a sweetness , clarity and emotional openness that recalls the classics of early italian neorealism . 
p . t . anderson understands the grandness of romance and how love is the great equalizer that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew were possible . 
the journey is worth your time , especially if you have ellen pompeo sitting next to you for the ride . 
an ironic speculation on democracy in a culture unaccustomed to it . 
with notorious c . h . o . cho proves she has the stuff to stand tall with pryor , carlin and murphy . 
for the most part , it works beautifully as a movie without sacrificing the integrity of the opera . 
[it's] difficult to get beyond the overall blandness of american chai , despite its likable performances and refreshingly naive point of view . 
it's mighty tedious for the viewer who has to contend with unpleasant characters , hit-and-miss performances and awkwardly staged scenes . 
so stupid , so ill-conceived , so badly drawn , it created whole new levels of ugly . 
i complain all the time about seeing the same ideas repeated in films over and over again , but the bourne identity proves that a fresh take is always possible . 
nothing about this movie works . 
with a large cast representing a broad cross-section , tavernier's film bounds along with the rat-a-tat energy of " his girl friday , " maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes . 
those who would follow haneke on his creepy explorations . . . are rewarded by brutal , committed performances from huppert and magimel . 
… is an arthritic attempt at directing by callie khouri . i had to look away - this was god awful . 
unlike most surf movies , blue crush thrillingly uses modern technology to take the viewer inside the wave . by the end you can't help but feel 'stoked . '
it's just plain lurid when it isn't downright silly . 
a rich tale of our times , very well told with an appropriate minimum of means . 
since dahmer resorts to standard slasher flick thrills when it should be most in the mind of the killer , it misses a major opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche . 
an amazing and incendiary movie that dives straight into the rough waters of contradiction . 
though filmed partly in canada , paid in full has clever ways of capturing inner-city life during the reagan years . 
clayburgh and tambor are charming performers ; neither of them deserves eric schaeffer . 
there is nothing redeeming about this movie . 
gangs of new york is an unapologetic mess , whose only saving grace is that it ends by blowing just about everything up . 
amazing ! a college story that works even without vulgarity , sex scenes , and cussing ! 
a bittersweet drama about the limbo of grief and how truth-telling can open the door to liberation . 
it's weird , wonderful , and not necessarily for kids . 
a really funny fifteen-minute short stretched beyond its limits to fill an almost feature-length film . 
by taking entertainment tonight subject matter and giving it humor and poignancy , auto focus becomes both gut-bustingly funny and crushingly depressing . 
bad . very bad . stultifyingly , dumbfoundingly , mind-numbingly bad . 
the movie , directed by mick jackson , leaves no cliche unturned , from the predictable plot to the characters straight out of central casting . 
daring and beautifully made . 
you needn't be steeped in '50s sociology , pop culture or movie lore to appreciate the emotional depth of haynes' work . though haynes' style apes films from the period . . . its message is not rooted in that decade . 
it establishes its ominous mood and tension swiftly , and if the suspense never rises to a higher level , it is nevertheless maintained throughout . 
the movie's thesis -- elegant technology for the masses -- is surprisingly refreshing . 
as blunt as it is in depicting child abuse , el bola is a movie steeped in an ambiguity that lends its conflicts a symbolic resonance . 
it's hard to imagine another director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie . 
[toback's] fondness for fancy split-screen , stuttering editing and pompous references to wittgenstein and kirkegaard . . . blends uneasily with the titillating material . 
offers a breath of the fresh air of true sophistication . 
as a hybrid teen thriller and murder mystery , murder by numbers fits the profile too closely . 
top-notch action powers this romantic drama . 
a winning piece of work filled with love for the movies of the 1960s . 
as a thoughtful and unflinching examination of an alternative lifestyle , sex with strangers is a success . 
escapism in its purest form . 
the movie is a mess from start to finish . 
there are many definitions of 'time waster' but this movie must surely be one of them . 
a dark , quirky road movie that constantly defies expectation . 
the issues are presented in such a lousy way , complete with some of the year's ( unintentionally ) funniest moments , that it's impossible to care . 
may be the most undeserving victim of critical overkill since town and country . 
ana's journey is not a stereotypical one of self-discovery , as she's already comfortable enough in her own skin to be proud of her rubenesque physique . . . 
it is not the first time that director sara sugarman stoops to having characters drop their pants for laughs and not the last time she fails to provoke them . 
if signs is a good film , and it is , the essence of a great one is in there somewhere . 
marvelously entertaining and deliriously joyous documentary . 
a slight but sweet film . 
as written by michael berg and michael j . wilson from a story by wilson , this relentless , all-wise-guys-all-the-time approach tries way too hard and gets tiring in no time at all . 
a silly , self-indulgent film about a silly , self-indulgent filmmaker . 
dogtown & z-boys evokes the blithe rebel fantasy with the kind of insouciance embedded in the sexy demise of james dean . 
while solondz tries and tries hard , storytelling fails to provide much more insight than the inside column of a torn book jacket . 
maybe you'll be lucky , and there'll be a power outage during your screening so you can get your money back . 
fails as a dystopian movie , as a retooling of fahrenheit 451 , and even as a rip-off of the matrix . 
it gets bogged down by hit-and-miss topical humour before getting to the truly good stuff . 
barry convinces us he's a dangerous , secretly unhinged guy who could easily have killed a president because it made him feel powerful . 
[villeneuve] seems to realize intuitively that even morality is reduced to an option by the ultimate mysteries of life and death . 
a deliberative account of a lifestyle characterized by its surface-obsession – one that typifies the delirium of post , pre , and extant stardom . 
a slight and obvious effort , even for one whose target demographic is likely still in the single digits , age-wise . 
all analyze that proves is that there is really only one movie's worth of decent gags to be gleaned from the premise . 
 " the tuxedo " should have been the vehicle for chan that " the mask " was for jim carrey . alas , it's the man that makes the clothes . 
a resonant tale of racism , revenge and retribution . 
worth a look as a curiosity . 
here the love scenes all end in someone screaming . maybe there's a metaphor here , but figuring it out wouldn't make trouble every day any better . 
an extraordinary dramatic experience . 
control-alt-delete simone as quickly as possible
inherently caustic and oddly whimsical , the film chimes in on the grieving process and strangely draws the audience into the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss . 
all the well-meaningness in the world can't erase the fact that the believer feels like a 12-step program for the jewish nazi . 
how inept is serving sara ? it makes even elizabeth hurley seem graceless and ugly . 
well-nigh unendurable . . . though the picture strains to become cinematic poetry , it remains depressingly prosaic and dull . 
the acting is stiff , the story lacks all trace of wit , the sets look like they were borrowed from gilligan's island -- and the cgi scooby might well be the worst special-effects creation of the year . 
the film fearlessly gets under the skin of the people involved . . . this makes it not only a detailed historical document , but an engaging and moving portrait of a subculture . 
[p]artnering murphy with robert de niro for the tv-cops comedy showtime would seem to be surefire casting . the catch is that they're stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders . 
features nonsensical and laughable plotting , wooden performances , ineptly directed action sequences and some of the worst dialogue in recent memory . 
as original and insightful as last week's episode of behind the music . 
the entire point of a shaggy dog story , of course , is that it goes nowhere , and this is classic nowheresville in every sense . 
griffiths proves she's that rare luminary who continually raises the standard of her profession . 
a mawkish , implausible platonic romance that makes chaplin's city lights seem dispassionate by comparison . 
the execution is so pedestrian that the most positive comment we can make is that rob schneider actually turns in a pretty convincing performance as a prissy teenage girl . 
silly , loud and goofy . 
the best didacticism is one carried by a strong sense of humanism , and bertrand tavernier's oft-brilliant safe conduct ( " laissez-passer " ) wears its heart on its sleeve . 
zhang yimou delivers warm , genuine characters who lie not through dishonesty , but because they genuinely believe it's the only way to bring happiness to their loved ones . 
a tone poem of transgression . 
so clichéd that , at one point , they literally upset an apple cart . 
woody allen used to ridicule movies like hollywood ending . now he makes them . 
you're not merely watching history , you're engulfed by it . 
puts on airs of a hal hartley wannabe film -- without the vital comic ingredient of the hilarious writer-director himself . 
if you haven't seen the film lately , you may be surprised at the variety of tones in spielberg's work . much of it is funny , but there are also some startling , surrealistic moments . . . 
the mood , look and tone of the film fit the incredible storyline to a t . 
williams plays sy , another of his open-faced , smiling madmen , like the killer in insomnia . he does this so well you don't have the slightest difficulty accepting him in the role . 
scotland , pa is entirely too straight-faced to transcend its clever concept . 
its juxtaposition of overwrought existentialism and stomach-churning gore will have you forever on the verge of either cracking up or throwing up . 
sensitive ensemble performances and good period reconstruction add up to a moving tragedy with some buoyant human moments . 
 . . . breathes surprising new life into the familiar by amalgamating genres and adding true human complexity to its not-so-stock characters . 
the script , the gags , the characters are all direct-to-video stuff , and that's where this film should have remained . 
a biopic about crane's life in the classic tradition but evolves into what has become of us all in the era of video . 
uzumaki's interesting social parallel and defiant aesthetic seems a prostituted muse . . . 
a vibrant , colorful , semimusical rendition . 
this 90-minute dud could pass for mike tyson's e ! true hollywood story . 
supposedly , pokemon can't be killed , but pokemon 4ever practically assures that the pocket monster movie franchise is nearly ready to keel over . 
although largely a heavy-handed indictment of parental failings and the indifference of spanish social workers and legal system towards child abuse , the film retains ambiguities that make it well worth watching . 
hugh grant , who has a good line in charm , has never been more charming than in about a boy . 
if you can keep your eyes open amid all the blood and gore , you'll see del toro has brought unexpected gravity to blade ii . 
catch it . . . if you can ! 
too clever by about nine-tenths . 
the trick when watching godard is to catch the pitch of his poetics , savor the pleasure of his sounds and images , and ponder the historical , philosophical , and ethical issues that intersect with them . 
hatfield and hicks make the oddest of couples , and in this sense the movie becomes a study of the gambles of the publishing world , offering a case study that exists apart from all the movie's political ramifications . 
a hidden-agenda drama that shouts classic french nuance . 
'charly' will divide its audience in two separate groups , those reaching for more tissues and those begging for mercy . . . 
[t]he film is never sure to make a clear point – even if it seeks to rely on an ambiguous presentation . 
we may never think of band camp as a geeky or nerdy thing again . 
it's sweet . . . but just a little bit too precious at the start and a little too familiar at the end . 
ms . phoenix is completely lacking in charm and charisma , and is unable to project either esther's initial anomie or her eventual awakening . 
 . . . there is enough originality in 'life' to distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies that so often end up on cinema screens . 
witty dialog between realistic characters showing honest emotions . it's touching and tender and proves that even in sorrow you can find humor . like blended shades of lipstick , these components combine into one terrific story with lots of laughs . 
a listless and desultory affair . 
a film that is a portrait of grace in an imperfect world . 
a fast , funny , highly enjoyable movie . 
bright seems alternately amused and disgusted with this material , and he can't help throwing in a few of his own touches . 
rather less than the sum of its underventilated père-fils confrontations . 
a negligible british comedy . 
if you liked such movies as notting hill , four weddings and a funeral , bridget jones' diary or high fidelity , then you won't want to miss about a boy . 
meyjes focuses too much on max when he should be filling the screen with this tortured , dull artist and monster-in-the- making . 
nohe's documentary about the event is sympathetic without being gullible : he isn't blind to the silliness , but also captures moments of spontaneous creativity and authentic co-operative interaction . 
not since tom cruise in risky business has an actor made such a strong impression in his underwear . 
the narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures esther , but she's never seen speaking on stage ; one feels cheated , and esther seems to remain an unchanged dullard . 
a backstage must-see for true fans of comedy . 
an exhilarating futuristic thriller-noir , minority report twists the best of technology around a gripping story , delivering a riveting , pulse intensifying escapist adventure of the first order
aspires to the cracked lunacy of the adventures of buckaroo banzai , but thanks to an astonishingly witless script ends up more like the adventures of ford fairlane . 
[it's] a clever thriller with enough unexpected twists to keep our interest . 
unfortunately , heartbreak hospital wants to convey the same kind of haughtiness in its own sketchy material but this territory has already been explored previously with better aplomb and sardonic wit . 
choppy editing and too many repetitive scenes spoil what could have been an important documentary about stand-up comedy . 
a slick , well-oiled machine , exquisitely polished and upholstered . 
it's as if solondz had two ideas for two movies , couldn't really figure out how to flesh either out , so he just slopped ‘em together here . 
a four star performance from kevin kline who unfortunately works with a two star script . 
a very funny look at how another culture handles the process of courting and marriage . 
with the exception of mccoist , the players don't have a clue on the park . the acting isn't much better . 
an enjoyable above average summer diversion . 
neatly constructed thriller . 
charlotte sometimes is a brilliant movie . it is about irrational , unexplainable life and it seems so real because it does not attempt to filter out the complexity . 
what makes the movie a comedy is the way it avoids the more serious emotions involved . 
goes on and on to the point of nausea . 
murphy and wilson actually make a pretty good team . . . but the project surrounding them is distressingly rote . 
time out is as serious as a pink slip . and more than that , it's an observant , unfussily poetic meditation about identity and alienation . 
a gripping drama . 
about a boy vividly recalls the cary grant of room for one more , houseboat and father goose in its affectionate depiction of the gentle war between a reluctant , irresponsible man and the kid who latches onto him . 
a delicious and delicately funny look at the residents of a copenhagen neighborhood coping with the befuddling complications life tosses at them . 
it celebrates the group's playful spark of nonconformity , glancing vividly back at what hibiscus grandly called his 'angels of light . '
the film just might turn on many people to opera , in general , an art form at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- and as emotionally grand as life . 
bears is even worse than i imagined a movie ever could be . 
never quite transcends jokester status . . . and the punchline doesn't live up to barry's dead-eyed , perfectly chilled delivery . 
a pathetic exploitation film that tries to seem sincere , and just seems worse for the effort . 
a well-rounded tribute to a man whose achievements -- and complexities -- reached far beyond the end zone . 
it's an exhilarating place to visit , this laboratory of laughter . 
the film has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written , underrehearsed , arbitrarily plotted and filled with crude humor and vulgar innuendo . 
 " bad " is the operative word for " bad company , " and i don't mean that in a good way . 
it's a bad sign when you're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects' deaths just so the documentary will be over , but it's indicative of how uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest . 
if it's another regurgitated action movie you're after , there's no better film than half past dead . 
a singularly off-putting romantic comedy . 
a directorial tour de force by bernard rose , ivans xtc . is one of this year's very best pictures . 
sheridan is painfully bad , a fourth-rate jim carrey who doesn't understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb . 
 . . . fifty minutes of tedious adolescent melodramatics followed by thirty-five minutes of inflated nonsense . 
the screenplay , co-written by director imogen kimmel , lacks the wit necessary to fully exploit the comic elements of the premise , making the proceedings more bizarre than actually amusing . 
not exaggerated enough to be a parody of gross-out flicks , college flicks , or even flicks in general . it merely indulges in the worst elements of all of them . 
according to the script , grant and bullock's characters are made for each other . but you'd never guess that from the performances . 
nair's attention to detail creates an impeccable sense of place , while thurman and lewis give what can easily be considered career-best performances . 
not all of the stories work and the ones that do are thin and scattered , but the film works well enough to make it worth watching . 
terrible . 
the tug-of-war at the core of beijing bicycle becomes weighed down with agonizing contrivances , overheated pathos and long , wistful gazes . 
almost as offensive as " freddy got fingered . " 
like the excruciating end of days , collateral damage presents schwarzenegger as a tragic figure , but sympathy really belongs with any viewer forced to watch him try out so many complicated facial expressions . 
it helps that the central performers are experienced actors , and that they know their roles so well . 
morton is a great actress portraying a complex character , but morvern callar grows less compelling the farther it meanders from its shocking start . 
conforms itself with creating a game of 'who's who' . . . where the characters' moves are often more predictable than their consequences . 
the picture runs a mere 84 minutes , but it's no glance . it's a head-turner -- thoughtfully written , beautifully read and , finally , deeply humanizing . 
all three actresses are simply dazzling , particularly balk , who's finally been given a part worthy of her considerable talents . 
it's tommy's job to clean the peep booths surrounding her , and after viewing this one , you'll feel like mopping up , too . 
a subtle and well-crafted ( for the most part ) chiller . 
doesn't come close to justifying the hype that surrounded its debut at the sundance film festival two years ago . 
wait for it to hit cable . 
sadly , hewitt's forte is leaning forward while wearing low-cut gowns , not making snappy comebacks . 
generally , clockstoppers will fulfill your wildest fantasies about being a different kind of time traveler , while happily killing 94 minutes . 
maryam is a small film , but it offers large rewards . 
belongs in the too-hot-for-tv direct-to-video/dvd category , and this is why i have given it a one-star rating . 
plodding , poorly written , murky and weakly acted , the picture feels as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo . 
there's plenty of style in guillermo del toro's sequel to the 1998 hit but why do we need 117 minutes to tell a tale that simply can't sustain more than 90 minutes . 
its simplicity puts an exclamation point on the fact that this isn't something to be taken seriously , but it also wrecks any chance of the movie rising above similar fare . 
a sad and rote exercise in milking a played-out idea -- a straight guy has to dress up in drag -- that shockingly manages to be even worse than its title would imply . 
[grant's] bumbling magic takes over the film , and it turns out to be another winning star vehicle . 
for decades we've marveled at disney's rendering of water , snow , flames and shadows in a hand-drawn animated world . prepare to marvel again . 
brosnan's finest non-bondish performance yet fails to overcome the film's manipulative sentimentality and annoying stereotypes . 
would benigni's italian pinocchio have been any easier to sit through than this hastily dubbed disaster ? 
cloaks a familiar anti-feminist equation ( career - kids = misery ) in tiresome romantic-comedy duds . 
this is sandler running on empty , repeating what he's already done way too often . 
hart's war seems to want to be a character study , but apparently can't quite decide which character . 
one of the very best movies ever made about the life of moviemaking . 
nair does capture the complexity of a big family and its trials and tribulations . . . 
fessenden's narrative is just as much about the ownership and redefinition of myth as it is about a domestic unit finding their way to joy . 
simply put , there should have been a more compelling excuse to pair susan sarandon and goldie hawn . 
a gripping documentary that reveals how deep the antagonism lies in war-torn jerusalem . 
travels a fascinating arc from hope and euphoria to reality and disillusionment . 
about the only thing to give the movie points for is bravado -- to take an entirely stale concept and push it through the audience's meat grinder one more time . 
the fly-on-the-wall method used to document rural french school life is a refreshing departure from the now more prevalent technique of the docu-makers being a visible part of their work . 
this is one of those rare docs that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party . 
one of the best films i have ever seen , constantly pulling the rug from underneath us , seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper , getting more intense . 
[a] real pleasure in its laid-back way . 
you're better off staying home and watching the x-files . 
the first fatal attraction was vile enough . do we really need the tiger beat version ? 
[leigh] has a true talent for drawing wrenching performances from his actors ( improvised over many months ) and for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable . 
a movie that reminds us of just how exciting and satisfying the fantasy cinema can be when it's approached with imagination and flair . 
the film has several strong performances . 
divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood may not be exactly divine , but it's definitely -- defiantly -- ya ya , what with all of those terrific songs and spirited performances . 
though it flirts with bathos and pathos and the further oprahfication of the world as we know it , it still cuts all the way down to broken bone . 
it's predictable , but it jumps through the expected hoops with style and even some depth . 
narratively , trouble every day is a plodding mess . 
there may have been a good film in " trouble every day , " but it is not what is on the screen . 
once ice-t sticks his mug in the window of the couple's bmw and begins haranguing the wife in bad stage dialogue , all credibility flies out the window . 
nervy and sensitive , it taps into genuine artistic befuddlement , and at the same time presents a scathing indictment of what drives hollywood . 
the solid filmmaking and convincing characters makes this a high water mark for this genre . 
this comic gem is as delightful as it is derivative . 
a tender , heartfelt family drama . 
like its new england characters , most of whom wander about in thick clouds of denial , the movie eventually gets around to its real emotional business , striking deep chords of sadness . 
a moving and weighty depiction of one family's attempts to heal after the death of a child . 
the message is that even the most unlikely can link together to conquer all kinds of obstacles , whether they be of nature , of man or of one another . 
a tv episode inflated past its natural length . 
somewhere inside the mess that is world traveler , there is a mediocre movie trying to get out . 
much like robin williams , death to smoochy has already reached its expiration date . 
if they broke out into elaborate choreography , singing and finger snapping it might have held my attention , but as it stands i kept looking for the last exit from brooklyn . 
there's not much going on in this movie unless you simply decide to buy into the notion that something inexplicably strange once happened in point pleasant . 
like the chelsea's denizens . . . burdette's collage-form scenario tends to over-romanticize the spiritual desolation of the struggling artiste . 
viewed as a comedy , a romance , a fairy tale , or a drama , there's nothing remotely triumphant about this motion picture . 
though there are many tense scenes in trapped , they prove more distressing than suspenseful . 
grant gets to display his cadness to perfection , but also to show acting range that may surprise some who thought light-hearted comedy was his forte . 
the master of disaster - it's a piece of dreck disguised as comedy . 
the kids in the audience at the preview screening seemed bored , cheering the pratfalls but little else ; their parents , wise folks that they are , read books . 
a half-assed film . 
a film neither bitter nor sweet , neither romantic nor comedic , neither warm nor fuzzy . 
[a] smarter and much funnier version of the old police academy flicks . 
a fanciful drama about napoleon's last years and his surprising discovery of love and humility . 
benefits from a strong performance from zhao , but it's dong jie's face you remember at the end . 
like mike isn't going to make box office money that makes michael jordan jealous , but it has some cute moments , funny scenes , and hits the target audience ( young bow wow fans ) - with nothing but net . 
at its best , queen is campy fun like the vincent price horror classics of the '60s . at its worst , it implodes in a series of very bad special effects . 
will give many ministers and bible-study groups hours of material to discuss . but mainstream audiences will find little of interest in this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted . 
there's a thin line between likably old-fashioned and fuddy-duddy , and the count of monte cristo . . . never quite settles on either side . 
passionate , irrational , long-suffering but cruel as a tarantula , helga figures prominently in this movie , and helps keep the proceedings as funny for grown-ups as for rugrats . 
birthday girl walks a tricky tightrope between being wickedly funny and just plain wicked . 
the most excruciating 86 minutes one might sit through this summer that do not involve a dentist drill . 
a laughable -- or rather , unlaughable -- excuse for a film . 
this movie . . . doesn't deserve the energy it takes to describe how bad it is . 
as a vehicle to savour binoche's skill , the film is well worthwhile . 
demeo is not without talent ; he just needs better material . 
provides a porthole into that noble , trembling incoherence that defines us all . 
its compelling mix of trial movie , escape movie and unexpected fable ensures the film never feels draggy . 
hoffman waits too long to turn his movie in an unexpected direction , and even then his tone retains a genteel , prep-school quality that feels dusty and leatherbound . 
 . . . a mostly boring affair with a confusing sudden finale that's likely to irk viewers . 
sweet home alabama " is what it is – a nice , harmless date film . . . 
a mimetic approximation of better films like contempt and 8 1/2 . 
a quiet , disquieting triumph . 
i'm going to give it a marginal thumbs up . i liked it just enough . 
don't waste your money . 
thanks to haynes' absolute control of the film's mood , and buoyed by three terrific performances , far from heaven actually pulls off this stylistic juggling act . 
large budget notwithstanding , the movie is such a blip on the year's radar screen that it's tempting just to go with it for the ride . but this time , the old mib label stands for milder isn't better . 
 . . . has virtually no script at all . . . 
a sluggish pace and lack of genuine narrative hem the movie in every bit as much as life hems in the spirits of these young women . 
reign of fire is hardly the most original fantasy film ever made -- beyond road warrior , it owes enormous debts to aliens and every previous dragon drama -- but that barely makes it any less entertaining . 
a culture-clash comedy that , in addition to being very funny , captures some of the discomfort and embarrassment of being a bumbling american in europe . 
hardly makes the kind of points egoyan wanted to make , nor does it exist as the kind of monument he wanted to build , to victims whose voices have never gained the ears of the world . 
'pocas veces es posible ver un elenco tan compenetrado con la historia , donde todos y cada uno de los actores ofrecen actuaciones verdaderamente memorables . '
koepp's screenplay isn't nearly surprising or clever enough to sustain a reasonable degree of suspense on its own . 
another trumpet blast that there may be a new mexican cinema a-bornin' . 
what's most offensive isn't the waste of a good cast , but the film's denial of sincere grief and mourning in favor of bogus spiritualism . 
the emotions are raw and will strike a nerve with anyone who's ever had family trauma . 
this is a good movie in spurts , but when it doesn't work , it's at important times . 
harvard man is a semi-throwback , a reminiscence without nostalgia or sentimentality . 
watching " ending " is too often like looking over the outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks at your neighbor's garage sale . you can't believe anyone would really buy this stuff . 
this charming , thought-provoking new york fest of life and love has its rewards . 
it's just not very smart . 
with more character development this might have been an eerie thriller ; with better payoffs , it could have been a thinking man's monster movie . 
clooney directs this film always keeping the balance between the fantastic and the believable . . . 
what's next ? the porky's revenge : ultimate edition ? 
robert harmon's less-is-more approach delivers real bump-in -the-night chills -- his greatest triumph is keeping the creepy crawlies hidden in the film's thick shadows . 
[scherfig] has made a movie that will leave you wondering about the characters' lives after the clever credits roll . 
i'm not saying that ice age doesn't have some fairly pretty pictures , but there's not enough substance in the story to actually give them life . 
a guilty pleasure at best , and not worth seeing unless you want to laugh at it . 
evokes the frustration , the awkwardness and the euphoria of growing up , without relying on the usual tropes . 
combines sharp comedy , old-fashioned monster movie atmospherics , and genuine heart to create a film that's not merely about kicking undead * * * , but also about dealing with regret and , ultimately , finding redemption . 
it feels like very light errol morris , focusing on eccentricity but failing , ultimately , to make something bigger out of its scrapbook of oddballs . 
offers that rare combination of entertainment and education . 
it somehow managed to make its way past my crappola radar and find a small place in my heart
'lovely and amazing , ' unhappily , is neither . . . excessively strained and contrived . 
an average b-movie with no aspirations to be anything more . 
i felt trapped and with no obvious escape for the entire 100 minutes . 
the film is so packed with subplots involving the various silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series than a feature film . 
this film , starring anthony hopkins and chris rock , is your typical 'fish out of water' story . you've seen them a million times . just one problem : fish out of water usually die . this one does . 
its mysteries are transparently obvious , and it's too slowly paced to be a thriller . [but it's] worth recommending because of two marvelous performances by michael caine and brendan fraser . 
the byplay and bickering between the now spy-savvy siblings , carmen ( vega ) and juni ( sabara ) cortez , anchor the film in a very real and amusing give-and-take . 
 . . . better described as a ghost story gone badly awry . 
the entire film is one big excuse to play one lewd scene after another . about half of them are funny , a few are sexy and none are useful in telling the story , which is paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal . 
not a stereotype is omitted nor a cliché left unsaid . 
the journey to the secret's eventual discovery is a separate adventure , and thrill enough . 
this remake of lina wertmuller's 1975 eroti-comedy might just be the biggest husband-and-wife disaster since john and bo derek made the ridiculous bolero . 
not every animated film from disney will become a classic , but forgive me if i've come to expect more from this studio than some 79-minute after-school " cartoon " . 
nachtwey clears the cynicism right out of you . he makes you realize that deep inside righteousness can be found a tough beauty . 
mazel tov to a film about a family's joyous life acting on the yiddish stage . 
it is a challenging film , if not always a narratively cohesive one . 
a dreadful live-action movie . 
 . . . there's enough cool fun here to warm the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages . 
i watched the brainless insanity of no such thing with mounting disbelief . 
with dirty deeds , david caesar has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control -- driven by a natural sense for what works on screen . 
just one more collection of penis , breast and flatulence gags in search of a story . or a profit . or some damn thing . 
great over-the-top moviemaking if you're in a slap-happy mood . 
the movie , like bartleby , is something of a stiff -- an extra-dry office comedy that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes . 
the evocative imagery and gentle , lapping rhythms of this film are infectious -- it gets under our skin and draws us in long before the plot kicks into gear . 
a deeply felt and vividly detailed story about newcomers in a strange new world . 
were dylan thomas alive to witness first-time director ethan hawke's strained chelsea walls , he might have been tempted to change his landmark poem to , 'do not go gentle into that good theatre . '
the dialogue is cumbersome , the simpering soundtrack and editing more so . 
tsai has a well-deserved reputation as one of the cinema world's great visual stylists , and in this film , every shot enhances the excellent performances . 
while the transgressive trappings ( especially the frank sex scenes ) ensure that the film is never dull , rodrigues's beast-within metaphor is ultimately rather silly and overwrought , making the ambiguous ending seem goofy rather than provocative . 
a movie that tries to fuse the two 'woods' but winds up a bolly-holly masala mess . 
a wild ride with eight boarders from venice beach that was a deserved co-winner of the audience award for documentaries at the sundance film festival . 
witty , touching and well paced . 
it's a clear-eyed portrait of an intensely lived time , filled with nervous energy , moral ambiguity and great uncertainties . 
writer/ director m . night shyamalan's ability to pull together easily accessible stories that resonate with profundity is undeniable . 
a winning comedy with its wry observations about long-lived friendships and the ways in which we all lose track of ourselves by trying to please others . 
sparkles in its deft portrait of tinseltown's seasoned veterans of gossip , wealth , paranoia , and celebrityhood . 
the sweetest thing is expressly for idiots who don't care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance . 
the movie feels like it's going to be great , and it carries on feeling that way for a long time , but takeoff just never happens . 
it drowns in sap . 
cattaneo reworks the formula that made the full monty a smashing success . . . but neglects to add the magic that made it all work . 
even as it pays earnest homage to turntablists and beat jugglers , old schoolers and current innovators , scratch is great fun , full of the kind of energy it's documenting . 
whether or not you buy mr . broomfield's findings , the film acquires an undeniable entertainment value as the slight , pale mr . broomfield continues to force himself on people and into situations that would make lesser men run for cover . 
as quiet , patient and tenacious as mr . lopez himself , who approaches his difficult , endless work with remarkable serenity and discipline . 
the way coppola professes his love for movies -- both colorful pop junk and the classics that unequivocally qualify as art -- is giddily entertaining . 
a somewhat disappointing and meandering saga . 
the plot grows thin soon , and you find yourself praying for a quick resolution . 
 . . . a spoof comedy that carries its share of laughs – sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and , to my great pleasure , the occasional belly laugh . 
any chekhov is better than no chekhov , but it would be a shame if this was your introduction to one of the greatest plays of the last 100 years . 
the film meant well in its horse tale about freedom , but wasn't able to reach the heart because it was too overbearing . 
devotees of star trek ii : the wrath of khan will feel a nagging sense of deja vu , and the grandeur of the best next generation episodes is lacking . 
the vintage is pure '87 , with a halfhearted twist on its cautionary message : fatal attraction = don't have an affair with a nutjob ; unfaithful = don't if you're married to one . 
photographed with melancholy richness and eloquently performed yet also decidedly uncinematic . 
 . . . enthusiastically invokes the percussion rhythm , the brass soul and the sense of fierce competition that helps make great marching bands half the fun of college football games . 
a stylistic romp that's always fun to watch . 
clever but not especially compelling . 
fudges fact and fancy with such confidence that we feel as if we're seeing something purer than the real thing . 
the entire movie has a truncated feeling , but what's available is lovely and lovable . 
a crass and insulting homage to great films like some like it hot and the john wayne classics . 
a disoriented but occasionally disarming saga packed with moments out of an alice in wonderland adventure , a stalker thriller , and a condensed season of tv's big brother . 
a sobering and powerful documentary about the most severe kind of personal loss : rejection by one's mother . 
expect the same-old , lame-old slasher nonsense , just with different scenery . 
lathan and diggs carry the film with their charisma , and both exhibit sharp comic timing that makes the more hackneyed elements of the film easier to digest . 
parker holds true to wilde's own vision of a pure comedy with absolutely no meaning , and no desire to be anything but a polished , sophisticated entertainment that is in love with its own cleverness . 
it is inspirational in characterizing how people from such diverse cultures share the same human and spiritual needs . 
the actors don't inhabit their roles -- they're trapped by them , forced to change behavior in bizarre unjustified fashion and spout dialog that consists mostly of platitudes . 
…a big , baggy , sprawling carnival of a movie , stretching out before us with little rhyme or reason . 
a quasi-documentary by french filmmaker karim dridi that celebrates the hardy spirit of cuban music . 
while the film is not entirely successful , it still manages to string together enough charming moments to work . 
the cameo-packed , m : i-2-spoofing title sequence is the funniest 5 minutes to date in this spy comedy franchise . . . then mike myers shows up and ruins everything . 
it has a subtle way of getting under your skin and sticking with you long after it's over . 
the movie obviously seeks to re-create the excitement of such '50s flicks as jules verne's '20 , 000 leagues under the sea' and the george pal version of h . g . wells' 'the time machine . ' but its storytelling prowess and special effects are both listless . 
a visually flashy but narratively opaque and emotionally vapid exercise in style and mystification . 
there is nothing outstanding about this film , but it is good enough and will likely be appreciated most by sailors and folks who know their way around a submarine . 
the performers are so spot on , it is hard to conceive anyone else in their roles . 
enjoyably fast-moving , hard-hitting documentary . 
more concerned with overall feelings , broader ideas , and open-ended questions than concrete story and definitive answers , soderbergh's solaris is a gorgeous and deceptively minimalist cinematic tone poem . 
the film has the uncanny ability to right itself precisely when you think it's in danger of going wrong . 
the story is naturally poignant , but first-time screenwriter paul pender overloads it with sugary bits of business . 
a creepy , intermittently powerful study of a self-destructive man . . . about as unsettling to watch as an exploratory medical procedure or an autopsy . 
his best film remains his shortest , the hole , which makes many of the points that this film does but feels less repetitive . 
the idea of 49-year-old roberto benigni playing the wooden boy pinocchio is scary enough . the reality of the new live-action pinocchio he directed , cowrote and starred in borders on the grotesque . 
ya-yas everywhere will forgive the flaws and love the film . 
it's of the quality of a lesser harrison ford movie - six days , seven nights , maybe , or that dreadful sabrina remake . 
director shekhar kapur and screenwriters michael schiffer and hossein amini have tried hard to modernize and reconceptualize things , but the barriers finally prove to be too great . 
a so-so , made-for-tv something posing as a real movie . 
the movie does a good job of laying out some of the major issues that we encounter as we journey through life . 
kung pow seems like some futile concoction that was developed hastily after oedekerk and his fellow moviemakers got through crashing a college keg party . 
the movie has no respect for laws , political correctness or common decency , but it displays something more important : respect for its flawed , crazy people . 
to my taste , the film's comic characters come perilously close to being amoses and andys for a new generation . 
even if invincible is not quite the career peak that the pianist is for roman polanski , it demonstrates that werner herzog can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken . 
while kids will probably eat the whole thing up , most adults will be way ahead of the plot . 
a banal , virulently unpleasant excuse for a romantic comedy . 
witless , pointless , tasteless and idiotic . 
perfectly enjoyable , instantly forgettable , nothing to write home about . 
matthew mcconaughey tries , and fails , to control the screen with swaggering machismo and over-the-top lunacy . 
the sweetest thing leaves an awful sour taste . 
there's nothing like love to give a movie a b-12 shot , and cq shimmers with it . 
spider-man is about growing strange hairs , getting a more mature body , and finding it necessary to hide new secretions from the parental units . 
adults , other than the parents . . . will be hard pressed to succumb to the call of the wild . 
it's a setup so easy it borders on facile , but keeping the film from cheap-shot mediocrity is its crack cast . 
 . . . bright , intelligent , and humanly funny film . 
able to provide insight into a fascinating part of theater history . 
let's face it -- there aren't many reasons anyone would want to see crossroads if they're not big fans of teen pop kitten britney spears . 
in adobo , ethnicity is not just the spice , but at the heart of more universal concerns . 
the action switches between past and present , but the material link is too tenuous to anchor the emotional connections that purport to span a 125-year divide . 
throwing caution to the wind with an invitation to the hedonist in us all , nair has constructed this motion picture in such a way that even the most cynical curmudgeon with find himself or herself smiling at one time or another . 
[drumline] is entertaining for what it does , and admirable for what it doesn't do . 
fans of the tv series will be disappointed , and everyone else will be slightly bored . 
claude chabrol has here a thriller without thrills , but that's okay . 
[seems] even more uselessly redundant and shamelessly money-grubbing than most third-rate horror sequels . 
the production design , score and choreography are simply intoxicating . 
deadeningly dull , mired in convoluted melodrama , nonsensical jargon and stiff-upper-lip laboriousness . 
been there , done that . . . a thousand times already , and better . 
a gob of drivel so sickly sweet , even the eager consumers of moore's pasteurized ditties will retch it up like rancid crème brûlée . 
i was sent a copyof this film to review on dvd . for free . i still want my money back . 
ranks among willams' best screen work . 
succumbs to the same kind of maudlin , sentimental mysticism that mars the touched by an angel school of non-god spiritual-uplift movies . 
no matter how you slice it , mark wahlberg and thandie newton are not hepburn and grant , two cinematic icons with chemistry galore . 
i'm not sure these words have ever been together in the same sentence : this erotic cannibal movie is boring . 
the film is painfully authentic , and the performances of the young players are utterly convincing . 
the thriller side of this movie is falling flat , as the stalker doesn't do much stalking , and no cop or lawyer grasps the concept of actually investigating the case . 
it's made with deftly unsettling genre flair . 
i can't remember the last time i saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in extreme ops . 
what a great way to spend 4 units of your day . 
what makes it worth watching is quaid's performance . 
a big meal of cliches that the talented cast generally chokes on . 
directors brett morgen and nanette burstein have put together a bold biographical fantasia . 
with its dogged hollywood naturalism and the inexorable passage of its characters toward sainthood , windtalkers is nothing but a sticky-sweet soap . 
[the film] tackles the topic of relationships in such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end , it's impossible to ascertain whether the film is , at its core , deeply pessimistic or quietly hopeful . 
a classic fairy tale that perfectly captures the wonders and worries of childhood in a way that few movies have ever approached . 
as gamely as the movie tries to make sense of its title character , there remains a huge gap between the film's creepy , clean-cut dahmer ( jeremy renner ) and fiendish acts that no amount of earnest textbook psychologizing can bridge . 
if you think it's a riot to see rob schneider in a young woman's clothes , then you'll enjoy the hot chick . 
reassuring , retro uplifter . 
a movie that at its best doesn't just make the most out of its characters' flaws but insists on the virtue of imperfection . 
the story is predictable , the jokes are typical sandler fare , and the romance with ryder is puzzling . 
the film has just enough of everything -- re-enactments , archival footage , talking-head interviews -- and the music is simply sublime . 
though it lacks the utter authority of a genre gem , there's a certain robustness to this engaging mix of love and bloodletting . 
generic slasher-movie nonsense , but it's not without style . 
very amusing , not the usual route in a thriller , and the performances are odd and pixilated and sometimes both . 
it is great summer fun to watch arnold and his buddy gerald bounce off a quirky cast of characters . 
for a film about two mismatched buddies , crystal and de niro share little screen time and even less chemistry . 
merely as a technical , logistical feat , russian ark marks a cinematic milestone . 
a good film with a solid pedigree both in front of and , more specifically , behind the camera . 
an ebullient tunisian film about the startling transformation of a tradition-bound widow who is drawn into the exotic world of belly dancing . 
there are simply too many ideas floating around -- part farce , part sliding doors , part pop video -- and yet failing to exploit them . 
it's often infuriatingly glib and posturing , and yet it has been made with great evident care and manages to deliver up the man in a way to arouse further curiosity in even the most unknowing viewer . 
love may have been in the air onscreen , but i certainly wasn't feeling any of it . 
it's sincere to a fault , but , unfortunately , not very compelling or much fun . 
literary purists may not be pleased , but as far as mainstream matinee-style entertainment goes , it does a bang-up job of pleasing the crowds . 
director benoit jacquot , making his first opera-to-film translation with tosca , conveys the heaving passion of puccini's famous love-jealousy- murder-suicide fandango with great cinematic innovation . 
before long , the film starts playing like general hospital crossed with a saturday night live spoof of dog day afternoon . 
far-fetched premise , convoluted plot , and thematic mumbo jumbo about destiny and redemptive love . 
the overall result is an intelligent , realistic portrayal of testing boundaries . 
there's something fundamental missing from this story : something or someone to care about . 
the movie is pretty funny now and then without in any way demeaning its subjects . 
this is the case of a pregnant premise being wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience . 
though it draws several decent laughs , it's low-cal woody at best . 
what remains is a variant of the nincompoop benigni persona , here a more annoying , though less angry version of the irresponsible sandlerian manchild , undercut by the voice of the star of road trip . 
acting , particularly by tambor , almost makes " never again " worthwhile , but [writer/director] schaeffer should follow his titular advice
leigh succeeds in delivering a dramatic slap in the face that's simultaneously painful and refreshing . 
yes they can swim , the title is merely anne-sophie birot's off-handed way of saying girls find adolescence difficult to wade through . 
if the idea of the white man arriving on foreign shores to show wary natives the true light is abhorrent to you , the simplistic heaven will quite likely be more like hell . 
 " catch me " feels capable of charming the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments that have become a spielberg trademark . 
even by dumb action-movie standards , ballistic : ecks vs . sever is a dumb action movie . 
everyone connected to this movie seems to be part of an insider clique , which tends to breed formulaic films rather than fresh ones . 
open-ended and composed of layer upon layer , talk to her is a cinephile's feast , an invitation to countless interpretations . 
literally nothing in the pool is new , but if you grew up on the stalker flicks of the 1980's this one should appease you for 90 minutes . 
ice cube holds the film together with an engaging and warm performance . . . 
it has plenty of laughs . it just doesn't have much else . . . especially in a moral sense . 
frustratingly , dridi tells us nothing about el gallo other than what emerges through his music . 
why would anyone cast the magnificent jackie chan in a movie full of stunt doubles and special effects ? 
a reasonably entertaining sequel to 1994's surprise family hit that may strain adult credibility . 
the animation and game phenomenon that peaked about three years ago is actually dying a slow death , if the poor quality of pokemon 4 ever is any indication . 
welles groupie/scholar peter bogdanovich took a long time to do it , but he's finally provided his own broadside at publishing giant william randolph hearst . 
a movie just for friday fans , critics be damned . if you already like this sort of thing , this is that sort of thing all over again . 
in visual fertility treasure planet rivals the top japanese animations of recent vintage . 
it looks closely , insightfully at fragile , complex relationships . 
a pleasant enough comedy that should have found a summer place . 
an impressive if flawed effort that indicates real talent . 
the satire is just too easy to be genuinely satisfying . 
earnest but heavy-handed . 
a penetrating glimpse into the tissue-thin ego of the stand-up comic . 
metaphors abound , but it is easy to take this film at face value and enjoy its slightly humorous and tender story . 
it throws quirky characters , odd situations , and off-kilter dialogue at us , all as if to say , " look at this ! this is an interesting movie ! " but the film itself is ultimately quite unengaging . 
goldmember has none of the visual wit of the previous pictures , and it looks as though jay roach directed the film from the back of a taxicab . 
 . . . if it had been only half-an-hour long or a tv special , the humor would have been fast and furious-- at ninety minutes , it drags . 
fast , frantic and fun , but also soon forgotten
in terms of execution this movie is careless and unfocused . 
a straight-ahead thriller that never rises above superficiality . 
this movie seems to have been written using mad-libs . there can be no other explanation . hilariously inept and ridiculous . 
one of those rare , exhilarating cinematic delights that gets even better in hindsight , as you mull over its every nuance in your mind . 
essentially " fatal attraction " remade for viewers who were in diapers when the original was released in 1987 . . . . this story gets sillier , not scarier , as it goes along . . . 
an intoxicating experience . 
it's truly awful and heartbreaking subject matter , but one whose lessons are well worth revisiting as many times as possible . 
less than fresh . 
move over bond ; this girl deserves a sequel . 
bigelow offers some flashy twists and turns that occasionally fortify this turgid fable . but for the most part , the weight of water comes off as a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness . 
despite what anyone believes about the goal of its makers , the show . . . represents a spectacular piece of theater , and there's no denying the talent of the creative forces behind it . 
 " the road paved with good intentions leads to the video store " 
a graceful , moving tribute to the courage of new york's finest and a nicely understated expression of the grief shared by the nation at their sacrifice . 
this rather unfocused , all-over-the-map movie would be a lot better if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens . . . or if it were subtler . . . or if it had a sense of humor . 
there's nothing interesting in unfaithful whatsoever . 
it reduces the complexities to bromides and slogans and it gets so preachy-keen and so tub-thumpingly loud it makes you feel like a chump just for sitting through it . 
[serry] wants to blend politics and drama , an admirable ambition . it's too bad that the helping hand he uses to stir his ingredients is also a heavy one . 
elegant and eloquent [meditation] on death and that most elusive of passions , love . 
laggard drama wending its way to an uninspired philosophical epiphany . 
gangs , despite the gravity of its subject matter , is often as fun to watch as a good spaghetti western . 
its direction , its script , and weaver's performance as a vaguely discontented woman of substance make for a mildly entertaining 77 minutes , if that's what you're in the mood for . 
national lampoon's van wilder may aim to be the next animal house , but it more closely resembles this year's version of tomcats . 
with its parade of almost perpetually wasted characters . . . margarita feels like a hazy high that takes too long to shake . 
adam sandler's 8 crazy nights is 75 wasted minutes of sandler as the voice-over hero in columbia pictures' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie . 
the art direction and costumes are gorgeous and finely detailed , and kurys' direction is clever and insightful . 
the only entertainment you'll derive from this choppy and sloppy affair will be from unintentional giggles – several of them . 
the early and middle passages are surprising in how much they engage and even touch us . this is not a classical dramatic animated feature , nor a hip , contemporary , in-jokey one . it's sort of in-between , and it works . 
just as the recent argentine film son of the bride reminded us that a feel-good movie can still show real heart , time of favor presents us with an action movie that actually has a brain . 
it's too self-important and plodding to be funny , and too clipped and abbreviated to be an epic . 
passion , lip-synching , tragedy , and lots of really really high notes . for me , this opera isn't a favorite , so it's a long time before the fat lady sings . 
cho continues her exploration of the outer limits of raunch with considerable brio . 
garcía bernal and talancón are an immensely appealing couple , and even though their story is predictable , you'll want things to work out . 
the abiding impression , despite the mild hallucinogenic buzz , is of overwhelming waste -- the acres of haute couture can't quite conceal that there's nothing resembling a spine here . 
delirious fun . 
there's no point in extracting the bare bones of byatt's plot for purposes of bland hollywood romance . 
a very stylish but ultimately extremely silly tale . . . a slick piece of nonsense but nothing more . 
though its atmosphere is intriguing . . . the drama is finally too predictable to leave much of an impression . 
just as the lousy tarantino imitations have subsided , here comes the first lousy guy ritchie imitation . 
the film is all a little lit crit 101 , but it's extremely well played and often very funny . 
a masterful film from a master filmmaker , unique in its deceptive grimness , compelling in its fatalist worldview . 
a pleasant ramble through the sort of idoosyncratic terrain that errol morris has often dealt with . . . it does possess a loose , lackadaisical charm . 
this clever caper movie has twists worthy of david mamet and is enormous fun for thinking audiences . 
a fast paced and suspenseful argentinian thriller about the shadow side of play . 
bloody sunday has the grace to call for prevention rather than to place blame , making it one of the best war movies ever made . it's a movie that accomplishes so much that one viewing can't possibly be enough . 
mark pellington's latest pop thriller is as kooky and overeager as it is spooky and subtly in love with myth . 
both heartbreaking and heartwarming . . . just a simple fable done in an artless sytle , but it's tremendously moving . 
an ambitious , serious film that manages to do virtually everything wrong ; sitting through it is something akin to an act of cinematic penance . 
friday after next has the same problem that next friday did -- it's called where's chris tucker when you need him ? 
the sword fighting is well done and auteuil is a goofy pleasure . 
this is a visually stunning rumination on love , memory , history and the war between art and commerce . 
 ( wendigo is ) why we go to the cinema : to be fed through the eye , the heart , the mind . 
 . curiously , super troopers suffers because it doesn't have enough vices to merit its 103-minute length . 
as tricky and satisfying as any of david mamet's airless cinematic shell games . 
narc may not get an 'a' for originality , but it wears its b-movie heritage like a badge of honor . 
the boys' sparring , like the succession of blows dumped on guei , wears down the story's more cerebral , and likable , plot elements . 
the most brilliant and brutal uk crime film since jack carter went back to newcastle , the first half of gangster no . 1 drips with style and , at times , blood . 
a film that begins with the everyday lives of naval personnel in san diego and ends with scenes so true and heartbreaking that tears welled up in my eyes both times i saw the film . 
a memorable experience that , like many of his works , presents weighty issues colorfully wrapped up in his own idiosyncratic strain of kitschy goodwill . 
by the time the plot grinds itself out in increasingly incoherent fashion , you might be wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way around . 
what makes the movie work — to an admittedly limited extent — is the commitment of two genuinely engaging performers . weaver and lapaglia are both excellent , in the kind of low-key way that allows us to forget that they are actually movie folk . 
an engrossing and grim portrait of hookers : what they think of themselves and their clients . 
seriously , rent the disney version . 
[tries] to parody a genre that's already a joke in the united states . the movie is the equivalent of french hip-hop , which also seems to play on a 10-year delay . 
a sexy , peculiar and always entertaining costume drama set in renaissance spain , and the fact that it's based on true events somehow makes it all the more compelling . 
it's not nearly as fresh or enjoyable as its predecessor , but there are enough high points to keep this from being a complete waste of time . 
if you are an actor who can relate to the search for inner peace by dramatically depicting the lives of others onstage , then esther's story is a compelling quest for truth . 
the performances are uniformly good . 
parents beware ; this is downright movie penance . 
without non-stop techno or the existential overtones of a kieslowski morality tale , maelström is just another winter sleepers . 
it's a terrific american sports movie and dennis quaid is its athletic heart . 
like a comedian who starts off promisingly but then proceeds to flop , comedian runs out of steam after a half hour . 
a well-intentioned effort that's still too burdened by the actor's offbeat sensibilities for the earnest emotional core to emerge with any degree of accessibility . 
it provides a grim , upsetting glimpse at the lives of some of the 1 . 2 million palestinians who live in the crowded cities and refugee camps of gaza . 
will amuse and provoke adventurous adults in specialty venues . 
watchable up until the point where the situations and the dialogue spin hopelessly out of control -- that is to say , when carol kane appears on the screen . 
disney again ransacks its archives for a quick-buck sequel . 
kapur fails to give his audience a single character worth rooting for ( or worth rooting against , for that matter ) . 
[gosling's] combination of explosive physical energy and convincing intelligence helps create a complex , unpredictable character . 
if reno is to the left of liberal on the political spectrum , her tough , funny , rather chaotic show isn't subversive so much as it is nit-picky about the hypocrisies of our time . 
the search for redemption makes for a touching love story , mainly because blanchett and ribisi compellingly tap into a spiritual aspect of their characters' suffering . 
tres greek writer and star nia vardalos has crafted here a worldly-wise and very funny script . 
as we have come to learn -- as many times as we have fingers to count on -- jason is a killer who doesn't know the meaning of the word 'quit . ' the filmmakers might want to look it up . 
thanks to the château's balance of whimsicality , narrative discipline and serious improvisation , almost every relationship and personality in the film yields surprises . 
although the subject matter may still be too close to recent national events , the film works - mostly due to its superior cast of characters . 
a pretentious mess . 
in exactly 89 minutes , most of which passed as slowly as if i'd been sitting naked on an igloo , formula 51 sank from quirky to jerky to utter turkey . 
i can analyze this movie in three words : thumbs friggin' down . 
a very depressing movie of many missed opportunities . 
a punch line without a premise , a joke built entirely from musty memories of half-dimensional characters . 
oedekerk wrote patch adams , for which he should not be forgiven . why he was given free reign over this project -- he wrote , directed , starred and produced -- is beyond me . 
director chris wedge and screenwriters michael berg , michael j . wilson and peter ackerman create some episodes that rival vintage looney tunes for the most creative mayhem in a brief amount of time . 
so much facile technique , such cute ideas , so little movie . 
nothing sticks , really , except a lingering creepiness one feels from being dragged through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams . 
benigni presents himself as the boy puppet pinocchio , complete with receding hairline , weathered countenance and american breckin meyer's ridiculously inappropriate valley boy voice . 
a deliciously mordant , bitter black comedy . 
you come away thinking not only that kate isn't very bright , but that she hasn't been worth caring about and that maybe she , janine and molly -- an all-woman dysfunctional family -- deserve one another . 
reno himself can take credit for most of the movie's success . he's one of the few 'cool' actors who never seems aware of his own coolness . 
the movie is one of the best examples of artful large format filmmaking you are likely to see anytime soon . 
this may be the first cartoon ever to look as if it were being shown on the projection television screen of a sports bar . 
watching the powerpuff girls movie , my mind kept returning to one anecdote for comparison : the cartoon in japan that gave people seizures . 
suffocated at conception by its munchausen-by-proxy mum . punish the vehicle to adore the star . 
audrey tatou has a knack for picking roles that magnify her outrageous charm , and in this literate french comedy , she's as morning-glory exuberant as she was in amélie . 
demonstrates a vivid imagination and an impressive style that result in some terrific setpieces . 
a compelling journey . . . and " his best friend remembers " is up there with the finest of specials . 
throw smoochy from the train ! 
not since ghostbusters has a film used manhattan's architecture in such a gloriously goofy way . 
a clever blend of fact and fiction . 
a solidly entertaining little film . 
halfway through , however , having sucked dry the undead action flick formula , blade ii mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary . 
quite frankly , i can't see why any actor of talent would ever work in a mcculloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out . 
the film . . . presents classic moral-condundrum drama : what would you have done to survive ? the problem with the film is whether these ambitions , laudable in themselves , justify a theatrical simulation of the death camp of auschwitz ii-birkenau . 
with youthful high spirits , tautou remains captivating throughout michele's religious and romantic quests , and she is backed by a likable cast . 
it's a smartly directed , grown-up film of ideas . 
the filmmakers lack the nerve . . . to fully exploit the script's potential for sick humor . 
the sight of the spaceship on the launching pad is duly impressive in imax dimensions , as are shots of the astronauts floating in their cabins . 
snipes is both a snore and utter tripe . 
like rudy yellow lodge , eyre needs to take a good sweat to clarify his cinematic vision before his next creation and remember the lessons of the trickster spider . 
shallow , noisy and pretentious . 
 . . . quite good at providing some good old fashioned spooks . 
the film is all over the place , really . it dabbles all around , never gaining much momentum . 
mildly amusing . 
the type of dumbed-down exercise in stereotypes that gives the [teen comedy] genre a bad name . 
a gentle blend of present day testimonials , surviving footage of burstein and his family performing , historical archives , and telling stills . 
never capitalizes on this concept and opts for the breezy and amateurish feel of an after school special on the subject of tolerance . 
good , solid storytelling . 
he's the scariest guy you'll see all summer . 
perhaps a better celebration of these unfairly dismissed heroes would be a film that isn't this painfully forced , false and fabricated . 
a worthy idea , but the uninspired scripts , acting and direction never rise above the level of an after-school tv special . 
the smug , oily demeanor that donovan adopts throughout the stupidly named pipe dream is just repulsive . 
intriguing and beautiful film , but those of you who read the book are likely to be disappointed . 
this is the sort of burly action flick where one coincidence pummels another , narrative necessity is a drunken roundhouse , and whatever passes for logic is a factor of the last plot device left standing . 
ice age is the first computer-generated feature cartoon to feel like other movies , and that makes for some glacial pacing early on . 
so lazy and slipshod it confuses the mere flashing of kinky soft-core imagery with naughty fun . 
one of the most splendid entertainments to emerge from the french film industry in years . 
a difficult , absorbing film that manages to convey more substance despite its repetitions and inconsistencies than do most films than are far more pointed and clear . 
the humor isn't as sharp , the effects not as innovative , nor the story as imaginative as in the original . but it could have been worse . 
dawdles and drags when it should pop ; it doesn't even have the virtue of enough mindless violence to break up the tedium of all its generational bonding . 
glizty but formulaic and silly . . . cagney's 'top of the world' has been replaced by the bottom of the barrel . 
not once does it come close to being exciting . 
adam sandler's eight crazy nights grows on you -- like a rash . 
love liza is a festival film that would have been better off staying on the festival circuit . 
unless you're a fanatic , the best advice is : 'scooby' don't . 
with danilo donati's witty designs and dante spinotti's luscious cinematography , this might have made a decent children's movie -- if only benigni hadn't insisted on casting himself in the title role . 
knockaround guys plays like a student film by two guys who desperately want to be quentin tarantino when they grow up . but they lack their idol's energy and passion for detail . 
denzel washington's efforts are sunk by all the sanctimony . 
the kind of nervous film that will either give you a mild headache or exhilarate you . 
francophiles will snicker knowingly and you'll want to slap them . 
good-looking but relentlessly lowbrow outing plays like clueless does south fork . 
the unceasing sadism is so graphically excessive , the director just ends up exposing his own obsession . 
it's worth seeing just on the basis of the wisdom , and at times , the startling optimism , of the children . 
the following things are not at all entertaining : the bad sound , the lack of climax and , worst of all , watching seinfeld ( who is also one of the film's producers ) do everything he can to look like a good guy . 
morton deserves an oscar nomination . 
the jokes are sophomoric , stereotypes are sprinkled everywhere and the acting ranges from bad to bodacious . 
it's clotted with heavy-handed symbolism , dime-store psychology and endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long . 
has nothing good to speak about other than the fact that it is relatively short , tries its best to hide the fact that seagal's overweight and out of shape . 
it's crafty , energetic and smart -- the kid is sort of like a fourteen-year old ferris bueller . 
a romantic comedy , yes , but one with characters who think and talk about their goals , and are working on hard decisions . 
it's a bizarre curiosity memorable mainly for the way it fritters away its potentially interesting subject matter via a banal script , unimpressive acting and indifferent direction . 
well-made but mush-hearted . 
it's so laddish and juvenile , only teenage boys could possibly find it funny . 
chen films the resolutely downbeat smokers only with every indulgent , indie trick in the book . 
plummer steals the show without resorting to camp as nicholas' wounded and wounding uncle ralph . it's a great performance and a reminder of dickens' grandeur . 
the bottom line , at least in my opinion , is imposter makes a better short story than it does a film . 
will assuredly rank as one of the cleverest , most deceptively amusing comedies of the year . 
heartwarming and gently comic even as the film breaks your heart . 
for every articulate player , such as skateboarder tony hawk or bmx rider mat hoffman , are about a half dozen young turks angling to see how many times they can work the words " radical " or " suck " into a sentence . 
we hate [madonna] within the film's first five minutes , and she lacks the skill or presence to regain any ground . 
whatever heartwarming scene the impressively discreet filmmakers may have expected to record with their mini dv , they show a remarkable ability to document both sides of this emotional car-wreck . 
so verbally flatfooted and so emotionally predictable or bland that it plays like the standard made-for-tv movie . 
ao sair do cinema , eu estava feliz e com saudades de um tempo em que , para mim , a existência de papai noel era um fato inquestionável . 
solondz is so intent on hammering home his message that he forgets to make it entertaining . 
it never quite makes it to the boiling point , but manages to sustain a good simmer for most of its running time . 
it sounds sick and twisted , but the miracle of shainberg's film is that it truly is romance
theology aside , why put someone who ultimately doesn't learn at the center of a kids' story ? 
it has all the excitement of eating oatmeal . 
my response to the film is best described as lukewarm . maybe i found the proceedings a little bit too conventional . 
not since japanese filmmaker akira kurosawa's ran have the savagery of combat and the specter of death been visualized with such operatic grandeur . 
fathers and sons , and the uneasy bonds between them , rarely have received such a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment on the big screen as they do in this marvelous film . 
the weakest of the four harry potter books has been transformed into the stronger of the two films by the thinnest of margins . 
the movie gets muted and routine . 
a moving essay about the specter of death , especially suicide . 
the movie just has too much on its plate to really stay afloat for its just under ninety minute running time . 
this idea has lost its originality . . . and neither star appears very excited at rehashing what was basically a one-joke picture . 
the film thrusts the inchoate but already eldritch christian right propaganda machine into national media circles . 
as happily glib and vicious as its characters . 
this riveting world war ii moral suspense story deals with the shadow side of american culture : racial prejudice in its ugly and diverse forms . 
the observations of this social/economic/urban environment are canny and spiced with irony . 
makes an aborbing if arguable case for the man's greatness . 
frei assembles a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic , and retains an extraordinary faith in the ability of images to communicate the truth of the world around him . 
the only question . . . is to determine how well the schmaltz is manufactured -- to assess the quality of the manipulative engineering . average , at best , i'm afraid . 
this is nothing but familiar territory . 
they were afraid to show this movie to reviewers before its opening , afraid of the bad reviews they thought they'd earn . they were right . 
harry potter and the chamber of secrets is deja vu all over again , and while that is a cliche , nothing could be more appropriate . it's likely that whatever you thought of the first production -- pro or con -- you'll likely think of this one . 
a quirky comedy set in newfoundland that cleverly captures the dry wit that's so prevalent on the rock . 
as saccharine as it is disposable . 
the best you can say about it is it's so uninspired , it barely gives one pause when considering some of the other dreck out there right now . 
it shares the first two films' loose-jointed structure , but laugh-out-loud bits are few and far between . 
as any creature-feature fan knows , when you cross toxic chemicals with a bunch of exotic creatures , you get a lot of running around , screaming and death . on that score , the film certainly doesn't disappoint . 
hawke's film , a boring , pretentious waste of nearly two hours , doesn't tell you anything except that the chelsea hotel today is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes . 
it works its magic with such exuberance and passion that the film's length becomes a part of its fun . 
it's a charming and often affecting journey . 
the film's highlight is definitely its screenplay , both for the rhapsodic dialogue that jumps off the page , and for the memorable character creations . 
a film of epic scale with an intimate feeling , a saga of the ups and downs of friendships . 
mr . deeds is not really a film as much as it is a loose collection of not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor . 
the project's filmmakers forgot to include anything even halfway scary as they poorly rejigger fatal attraction into a high school setting . 
plot , characters , drama , emotions , ideas -- all are irrelevant to the experience of seeing the scorpion king . 
even if it is generally amusing from time to time , i spy has all the same problems the majority of action comedies have . 
in addition to sporting one of the worst titles in recent cinematic history , ballistic : ecks vs . sever also features terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and a rather dull , unimaginative car chase . 
secretary manages a neat trick , bundling the flowers of perversity , comedy and romance into a strangely tempting bouquet of a movie . 
spielberg's first real masterpiece , it deserved all the hearts it won -- and wins still , 20 years later . 
a deep and meaningful film . 
ryosuke has created a wry , winning , if languidly paced , meditation on the meaning and value of family . 
sensual , funny and , in the end , very touching . 
sometimes , fond memories should stay in the past : a lesson this film teaches all too well . 
however stale the material , lawrence's delivery remains perfect ; his great gift is that he can actually trick you into thinking some of this worn-out , pandering palaver is actually funny . 
it is hard not to be especially grateful for freedom after a film like this . 
with virtually no interesting elements for an audience to focus on , chelsea walls is a triple-espresso endurance challenge . 
this mess of a movie is nothing short of a travesty of a transvestite comedy . 
a new film from bill plympton , the animation master , is always welcome . 
its sheer dynamism is infectious . 
tiresomely derivative and hammily acted . 
what begins as a conventional thriller evolves into a gorgeously atmospheric meditation on life-changing chance encounters . 
on a cutting room floor somewhere lies . . . footage that might have made no such thing a trenchant , ironic cultural satire instead of a frustrating misfire . 
features fincher's characteristically startling visual style and an almost palpable sense of intensity . 
it's a wonderful , sobering , heart-felt drama . 
beautiful , cold , oddly colorful and just plain otherworldly , a freaky bit of art that's there to scare while we delight in the images . 
a bilingual charmer , just like the woman who inspired it
shiri is an action film that delivers on the promise of excitement , but it also has a strong dramatic and emotional pull that gradually sneaks up on the audience . 
too much of the movie feels contrived , as if the filmmakers were worried the story wouldn't work without all those gimmicks . 
an already thin story boils down to surviving invaders seeking an existent anti-virus . if only there were one for this kind of movie . 
wickedly funny , visually engrossing , never boring , this movie challenges us to think about the ways we consume pop culture . 
maudlin and melodramatic we expected . boring we didn't . 
you can thank me for this . i saw juwanna mann so you don't have to . 
the film's overall mood and focus is interesting but constantly unfulfilling . 
an empty , ugly exercise in druggy trance-noir and trumped-up street credibility . 
a pale xerox of other , better crime movies . 
a movie for 11-year-old boys with sports dreams of their own and the preteen girls who worship lil' bow wow . 
the fact that the rookie is a nearly impeccable cinematic experience -- and a wonderful all-ages triumph besides -- is a miracle akin to the story the film portrays . 
this is the kind of movie where people who have never picked a lock do so easily after a few tries and become expert fighters after a few weeks . 
it manages to squeeze by on angelina jolie's surprising flair for self-deprecating comedy . 
almost gags on its own gore . 
thoughtful , even stinging at times , and lots of fun . 
a surprisingly 'solid' achievement by director malcolm d . lee and writer john ridley . 
there's not enough here to justify the almost two hours . 
the volatile dynamics of female friendship is the subject of this unhurried , low-key film that is so off-hollywood that it seems positively french in its rhythms and resonance . 
though of particular interest to students and enthusiast of international dance and world music , the film is designed to make viewers of all ages , cultural backgrounds and rhythmic ability want to get up and dance . 
[hayek] throws herself into this dream hispanic role with a teeth-clenching gusto , she strikes a potent chemistry with molina and she gradually makes us believe she is kahlo . 
[stephen] earnhart's film is more about the optimism of a group of people who are struggling to give themselves a better lot in life than the ones they currently have . 
all of the elements are in place for a great film noir , but director george hickenlooper's approach to the material is too upbeat . 
if the last man were the last movie left on earth , there would be a toss-up between presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows . 
an entertaining mix of period drama and flat-out farce that should please history fans . 
whether [binoche and magimel] are being charming or angst-ridden , they easily fill their scenes and , fine judges both , never overcook the hysteria . 
its director's most substantial feature for some time . 
all the small moments and flashbacks don't add up to much more than trite observations on the human condition . 
in the spirit of the season , i assign one bright shining star to roberto benigni's pinocchio -- but i guarantee that no wise men will be following after it . 
a truly wonderful tale combined with stunning animation . 
the actors are forced to grapple with hazy motivations that never come into focus . 
the film grows on you . and how . 
two hours of sepia-tinted heavy metal images and surround sound effects of people moaning . 
if you can get past the taboo subject matter , it will be well worth your time . 
 . . . very funny , very enjoyable . . . 
ecks this one off your must-see list . 
the movie resolutely avoids all the comic possibilities of its situation , and becomes one more dumb high school comedy about sex gags and prom dates . 
i guess it just goes to show that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen . 
a must see for all sides of the political spectrum
it cuts to the core of what it actually means to face your fears , to be a girl in a world of boys , to be a boy truly in love with a girl , and to ride the big metaphorical wave that is life -- wherever it takes you . 
a movie that the less charitable might describe as a castrated cross between highlander and lolita . 
like all of egoyan's work , ararat is fiercely intelligent and uncommonly ambitious . 
no surprises . 
there aren't many conclusive answers in the film , but there is an interesting story of pointed personalities , courage , tragedy and the little guys vs . the big guys . 
what's missing is what we call the 'wow' factor . 
 . . . an incredibly heavy-handed , manipulative dud that feels all too familiar . 
a good-looking but ultimately pointless political thriller with plenty of action and almost no substance . 
the storylines are woven together skilfully , the magnificent swooping aerial shots are breathtaking , and the overall experience is awesome . 
a documentary to make the stones weep -- as shameful as it is scary . 
beautifully crafted , engaging filmmaking that should attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing . 
in a summer of clones , harvard man is something rare and riveting : a wild ride that relies on more than special effects . 
it's just hard to believe that a life like this can sound so dull . 
a charming yet poignant tale of the irrevocable ties that bind . 
a static and sugary little half-hour , after-school special about interfaith understanding , stretched out to 90 minutes . 
real women may have many agendas , but it also will win you over , in a big way . 
as a singular character study , it's perfect . it's also the year's sweetest movie . 
guy gets girl , guy loses girl , audience falls asleep . 
brutally honest and told with humor and poignancy , which makes its message resonate . 
director douglas mcgrath takes on nickleby with all the halfhearted zeal of an 8th grade boy delving into required reading . 
a thoughtful , provocative , insistently humanizing film . 
director alfonso cuaron gets vivid , convincing performances from a fine cast , and generally keeps things going at a rapid pace , occasionally using an omniscient voice-over narrator in the manner of french new wave films . 
it's not going to be everyone's bag of popcorn , but it definitely gives you something to chew on . 
it doesn't offer audiences any way of gripping what its point is , or even its attitude toward its subject . 
we started to wonder if … some unpaid intern had just typed 'chris rock , ' 'anthony hopkins' and 'terrorists' into some univac-like script machine . 
 . . . a joke at once flaky and resonant , lightweight and bizarrely original . 
what it lacks in substance it makes up for in heart . 
everything's serious , poetic , earnest and -- sadly -- dull . 
what saves this deeply affecting film from being merely a collection of wrenching cases is corcuera's attention to detail . 
forages for audience sympathy like a temperamental child begging for attention , giving audiences no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining . 
despite its sincere acting , signs is just another unoriginal run of the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending and lots of hype . 
romanek keeps the film constantly taut . . . reflecting the character's instability with a metaphorical visual style and an unnerving , heartbeat-like score . 
a era do gelo diverte , mas não convence . É um passatempo descompromissado – e só . 
'[hopkins]doesn't so much phone in his performance as fax it . no , even that's too committed . he gets his secretary to fax it . " 
the movie itself appears to be running on hypertime in reverse as the truly funny bits get further and further apart . 
you might say tykwer has done all that heaven allows , if you wanted to make as anti-kieslowski a pun as possible . suffice to say its total promise is left slightly unfulfilled . 
not a movie but a live-action agitprop cartoon so shameless and coarse , it's almost funny . 
[næs] directed the stage version of elling , and gets fine performances from his two leads who originated the characters on stage . 
viveka seldahl and sven wollter will touch you to the core in a film you will never forget -- that you should never forget . 
sayles . . . once again strands his superb performers in the same old story . 
seems like someone going through the motions . 
as bundy , michael reilly burke ( octopus 2 : river of fear ) has just the right amount of charisma and menace . 
an even more predictable , cliche-ridden endeavor than its predecessor . 
meandering and confusing . 
for those of an indulgent , slightly sunbaked and summery mind , sex and lucia may well prove diverting enough . 
smart , sassy interpretation of the oscar wilde play . 
troubling and powerful . 
clever , brutal and strangely soulful movie . 
a thought-provoking and often-funny drama about isolation . 
a rather brilliant little cult item : a pastiche of children's entertainment , superhero comics , and japanese animation . 
an off-beat and fanciful film about the human need for monsters to blame for all that is amiss in the world . 
the film's sharp , often mischievous sense of humor will catch some off guard . . . 
this movie is something of an impostor itself , stretching and padding its material in a blur of dead ends and distracting camera work . 
manages to delight without much of a story . 
automatically pegs itself for the straight-to-video sci-fi rental shelf . 
director-writer bille august . . . depicts this relationship with economical grace , letting his superb actors convey martin's deterioration and barbara's sadness -- and , occasionally , anger . 
it's one of the saddest films i have ever seen that still manages to be uplifting but not overly sentimental . 
a film that takes you inside the rhythms of its subject : you experience it as you watch . 
the picture , scored by a perversely cheerful marcus miller accordion/harmonica/banjo abomination , is a monument to bad in all its florid variety . 
i wish i could say " thank god it's friday " , but the truth of the matter is i was glad when it was over . 
some movies can get by without being funny simply by structuring the scenes as if they were jokes : a setup , delivery and payoff . stealing harvard can't even do that much . each scene immediately succumbs to gravity and plummets to earth . 
the premise is in extremely bad taste , and the film's supposed insights are so poorly thought-out and substance-free that even a high school senior taking his or her first psychology class could dismiss them . 
villeneuve spends too much time wallowing in bibi's generic angst ( there are a lot of shots of her gazing out windows ) . 
plays less like a coming-of-age romance than an infomercial . 
behind the glitz , hollywood is sordid and disgusting . quelle surprise ! 
new ways of describing badness need to be invented to describe exactly how bad it is . 
an intelligent romantic thriller of a very old-school kind of quality . 
like being trapped inside a huge video game , where exciting , inane images keep popping past your head and the same illogical things keep happening over and over again . 
what's most memorable about circuit is that it's shot on digital video , whose tiny camera enables shafer to navigate spaces both large . . . and small . . . with considerable aplomb . 
doesn't get the job done , running off the limited chemistry created by ralph fiennes and jennifer lopez . 
vividly conveys both the pitfalls and the pleasures of over-the-top love . 
the film's desire to be liked sometimes undermines the possibility for an exploration of the thornier aspects of the nature/nurture argument in regards to homosexuality . 
borrows from so many literary and cinematic sources that this future world feels absolutely deja vu . 
blisteringly rude , scarily funny , sorrowfully sympathetic to the damage it surveys , the film has in kieran culkin a pitch-perfect holden . 
an ambitiously naturalistic , albeit half-baked , drama about an abused , inner-city autistic teen . 
the wild thornberrys movie is pleasant enough and the message of our close ties with animals can certainly not be emphasized enough . 
an opportunity missed . 
directed without the expected flair or imagination by hong kong master john woo , windtalkers airs just about every cliche in the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length . 
although shot with little style , skins is heartfelt and achingly real . 
director dirk shafer and co-writer greg hinton ride the dubious divide where gay porn reaches for serious drama . 
red dragon " never cuts corners . 
what better message than 'love thyself' could young women of any size receive ? 
fairly successful at faking some pretty cool stunts but a complete failure at trying to create some pretty cool characters . and forget about any attempt at a plot ! 
there is a subversive element to this disney cartoon , providing unexpected fizzability . 
holm . . . embodies the character with an effortlessly regal charisma . 
cox offers plenty of glimpses at existing photos , but there are no movies of nijinsky , so instead the director treats us to an aimless hodgepodge . 
we're left with a story that tries to grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments . 
winds up feeling like lots of other quirky movies that try to score hipness points with young adults . 
a lame comedy . 
a slow-moving police-procedural thriller that takes its title all too literally . 
whatever satire lucky break was aiming for , it certainly got lost in the " soon-to-be-forgettable " section of the quirky rip-off prison romp pile . it's petty thievery like this that puts flimsy flicks like this behind bars
 . . . once the true impact of the day unfolds , the power of this movie is undeniable . 
burns never really harnesses to full effect the energetic cast . 
as steamy as last week's pork dumplings . 
been there , done that , liked it much better the first time around - when it was called the professional . 
twist open the ouzo ! it's time to let your hair down – greek style . a vibrant whirlwind of love , family and all that goes with it , my big fat greek wedding is a non-stop funny feast of warmth , colour and cringe . 
predictably melodramatic . 
first-time writer-director serry shows a remarkable gift for storytelling with this moving , effective little film . 
what starts off as a potentially incredibly twisting mystery becomes simply a monster chase film . 
visually rather stunning , but ultimately a handsome-looking bore , the true creativity would have been to hide treasure planet entirely and completely reimagine it . 
this is the kind of movie that you only need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself , 'ah , yes , here we have a bad , bad , bad movie . '
let's issue a moratorium , effective immediately , on treacly films about inspirational prep-school professors and the children they so heartwarmingly motivate . 
much of the digitally altered footage appears jagged , as if filmed directly from a television monitor , while the extensive use of stock footage quickly becomes a tiresome cliché . 
a strangely stirring experience that finds warmth in the coldest environment and makes each crumb of emotional comfort feel like a 10-course banquet . 
just dreadful . i don't blame eddie murphy but shouldn't owen wilson know a movie must have a story and a script ? 
an average kid-empowerment fantasy with slightly above-average brains . 
frankly , it's kind of insulting , both to men and women . and it's not that funny -- which is just generally insulting . 
the movie turns out to be [assayas'] homage to the gallic 'tradition of quality , ' in all its fusty squareness . 
manages to show life in all of its banality when the intention is quite the opposite . 
this is a great subject for a movie , but hollywood has squandered the opportunity , using it as a prop for warmed-over melodrama and the kind of choreographed mayhem that director john woo has built his career on . 
just the sort of lazy tearjerker that gives movies about ordinary folk a bad name . 
when the movie mixes the cornpone and the cosa nostra , it finds a nice rhythm . 
that jack nicholson makes this man so watchable is a tribute not only to his craft , but to his legend . 
too clunky and too busy ribbing itself to be truly entertaining . 
a movie so bad that it quickly enters the pantheon of wreckage that includes battlefield earth and showgirls . 
more than makes up for its mawkish posing by offering rousing spates of genuine feeling . 
the leaping story line , shaped by director peter kosminsky into sharp slivers and cutting impressions , shows all the signs of rich detail condensed into a few evocative images and striking character traits . 
brings together some of the biggest names in japanese anime , with impressive results . 
the picture emerges as a surprisingly anemic disappointment . 
the movie's gloomy atmosphere is fascinating , though , even if the movie itself doesn't stand a ghost of a chance . 
the smash 'em-up , crash 'em-up , shoot 'em-up ending comes out of nowhere substituting mayhem for suspense . 
an unintentional parody of every teen movie made in the last five years . 
just not campy enough
rather quickly , the film falls into a soothing formula of brotherly conflict and reconciliation . 
this is a finely written , superbly acted offbeat thriller . 
in the name of an allegedly inspiring and easily marketable flick , the emperor's club turns a blind eye to the very history it pretends to teach . 
 . . . the last time i saw a theater full of people constantly checking their watches was during my sats . 
the movie fails to portray its literarily talented and notorious subject as anything much more than a dirty old man . 
ub equally spoofs and celebrates the more outre aspects of 'black culture' and the dorkier aspects of 'white culture , ' even as it points out how inseparable the two are . 
the amazing film work is so convincing that by movies' end you'll swear you are wet in some places and feel sand creeping in others . 
sometimes this modest little number clicks , and sometimes it doesn't . 
it may not be " last tango in paris " but . . . 
an effortlessly accomplished and richly resonant work . 
an overwrought taiwanese soaper about three people and their mixed-up relationship . 
while the film is competent , it's also uninspired , lacking the real talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires . 
the real question this movie poses is not 'who ? ' but 'why ? '
a peculiar misfire that even tunney can't save . 
feral and uncomfortable . 
at its best . . . festival in cannes bubbles with the excitement of the festival in cannes . 
instead of kicking off the intrigue and suspense and mystery of the whole thing , hart's war , like the st . louis rams in the super bowl , waits until after halftime to get started . 
while there's something intrinsically funny about sir anthony hopkins saying 'get in the car , bitch , ' this jerry bruckheimer production has little else to offer
opens at a funeral , ends on the protagonist's death bed and doesn't get much livelier in the three hours in between . 
gooding and coburn are both oscar winners , a fact which , as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through snow dogs , seems inconceivable . 
this is a stunning film , a one-of-a-kind tour de force . 
parts of the film feel a bit too much like an infomercial for ram dass's latest book aimed at the boomer demographic . but mostly it's a work that , with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived . 
spectators will indeed sit open-mouthed before the screen , not screaming but yawning . 
what the four feathers lacks is genuine sweep or feeling or even a character worth caring about . 
places a slightly believable love triangle in a difficult-to-swallow setting , and then disappointingly moves the story into the realm of an improbable thriller . 
it's a demented kitsch mess ( although the smeary digital video does match the muddled narrative ) , but it's savvy about celebrity and has more guts and energy than much of what will open this year . 
no such thing breaks no new ground and treads old turf like a hippopotamus ballerina . 
this new zealand coming-of-age movie isn't really about anything . when it's this rich and luscious , who cares ? 
despite its raucous intent , xxx is as conventional as a nike ad and as rebellious as spring break . 
flawed but worthy look at life in u . s . relocation camps . 
everything is pegged into the groove of a new york dating comedy with 'issues' to simplify . 
the movie is full of fine performances , led by josef bierbichler as brecht and monica bleibtreu as helene weigel , his wife . 
whether our action-and-popcorn obsessed culture will embrace this engaging and literate psychodrama isn't much of a mystery , unfortunately . 
for all its technical virtuosity , the film is so mired in juvenile and near-xenophobic pedagogy that it's enough to make one pine for the day when godard can no longer handle the rigors of filmmaking . 
starts promisingly but disintegrates into a dreary , humorless soap opera . 
very predictable but still entertaining
the best film of the year 2002 . 
dense , exhilarating documentary . 
it may not be a huge cut of above the rest , but i enjoyed barbershop . it's a funny little movie with clever dialogue and likeable characters . 
there's something unintentionally comic in the film's drumbeat about authenticity , given the stale plot and pornographic way the film revels in swank apartments , clothes and parties . 
deep down , i realized the harsh reality of my situation : i would leave the theater with a lower i . q . than when i had entered . 
his work transcends the boy-meets-girl posturing of typical love stories . 
the film's real appeal won't be to clooney fans or adventure buffs , but to moviegoers who enjoy thinking about compelling questions with no easy answers . 
[cho's face is] an amazing slapstick instrument , creating a scrapbook of living mug shots . 
a frustrating yet deeply watchable melodrama that makes you think it's a tougher picture than it is . 
among the many pleasures are the lively intelligence of the artists and their perceptiveness about their own situations . 
forced , familiar and thoroughly condescending . 
true tale of courage -- and complicity -- at auschwitz is a harrowing drama that tries to tell of the unspeakable . 
if it's unnerving suspense you're after -- you'll find it with ring , an indisputably spooky film ; with a screenplay to die for . 
the emotion is impressively true for being so hot-blooded , and both leads are up to the task . 
as played by ryan gosling , danny is a frighteningly fascinating contradiction . 
partway through watching this saccharine , easter-egg-colored concoction , you realize that it is made up of three episodes of a rejected tv show . 
a woefully dull , redundant concept that bears more than a whiff of exploitation , despite iwai's vaunted empathy . 
either a fascinating study of the relationship between mothers and their children or a disturbing story about sociopaths and their marks . 
in the end , the movie collapses on its shaky foundation despite the best efforts of director joe carnahan . 
two big things are missing -- anything approaching a visceral kick , and anything approaching even a vague reason to sit through it all . 
stitch is a bad mannered , ugly and destructive little * * * * . no cute factor here… . not that i mind ugly ; the problem is he has no character , loveable or otherwise . 
further sad evidence that tom tykwer , director of the resonant and sense-spinning run lola run , has turned out to be a one-trick pony -- a maker of softheaded metaphysical claptrap . 
in the end , the weight of water comes to resemble the kind of soft-core twaddle you'd expect to see on showtime's 'red shoe diaries . '
i'll put it this way : if you're in the mood for a melodrama narrated by talking fish , this is the movie for you . 
not for everyone , but for those with whom it will connect , it's a nice departure from standard moviegoing fare . 
it will probably prove interesting to ram dass fans , but to others it may feel like a parody of the mellow , peace-and-love side of the '60s counterculture . 
stephen earnhart's documentary is a decomposition of healthy eccentric inspiration and ambition – wearing a cloak of unsentimental , straightforward text – when it's really an exercise in gross romanticization of the delusional personality type . 
a long slog for anyone but the most committed pokemon fan . 
a refreshing korean film about five female high school friends who face an uphill battle when they try to take their relationships into deeper waters . 
at times , the suspense is palpable , but by the end there's a sense that the crux of the mystery hinges on a technicality that strains credulity and leaves the viewer haunted by the waste of potential . 
most of the storylines feel like time fillers between surf shots . the movie isn't horrible , but you can see mediocre cresting on the next wave . 
[johnnie to and wai ka fai are] sure to find an enthusiastic audience among american action-adventure buffs , but the film's interests may be too narrow to attract crossover viewers . 
the story's scope and pageantry are mesmerizing , and mr . day-lewis roars with leonine power . 
the movie quickly drags on becoming boring and predictable . i tried to read the time on my watch . 
this franchise has not spawned a single good film . the crap continues . 
the doofus-on- the-loose banter of welcome to collinwood has a cocky , after-hours loopiness to it . and as with most late-night bull sessions , eventually the content isn't nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is . 
not a bad premise , but the execution is lackluster at best . 
the actresses may have worked up a back story for the women they portray so convincingly , but viewers don't get enough of that background for the characters to be involving as individuals rather than types . 
like the chilled breath of oral storytelling frozen onto film . 
you can see the would-be surprises coming a mile away , and the execution of these twists is delivered with a hammer . thumbs down . 
i don't think i laughed out loud once . and when you're talking about a slapstick comedy , that's a pretty big problem . 
candid camera on methamphetamines . 
a thoroughly engaging , surprisingly touching british comedy . 
just the labour involved in creating the layered richness of the imagery in this chiaroscuro of madness and light is astonishing . 
to better understand why this didn't connect with me would require another viewing , and i won't be sitting through this one again . . . that in itself is commentary enough . 
an awkwardly contrived exercise in magic realism . 
are monsters born , or made ? 
there are just too many characters saying too many clever things and getting into too many pointless situations . where's the movie here ? 
laughably , irredeemably awful . 
a comprehensive and provocative film -- one that pushes the boundaries of biography , and challenges its audience . 
another useless recycling of a brutal mid-'70s american sports movie . 
devos delivers a perfect performance that captures the innocence and budding demons within a wallflower . 
the plot has a number of holes , and at times it's simply baffling . 
as an entertainment destination for the general public , kung pow sets a new benchmark for lameness . 
there's a great deal of corny dialogue and preposterous moments . and yet , it still works . 
it will delight newcomers to the story and those who know it from bygone days . 
if shayamalan wanted to tell a story about a man who loses his faith , why didn't he just do it , instead of using bad sci-fi as window dressing ? 
crummy
miyazaki is one of world cinema's most wondrously gifted artists and storytellers . 
an unintentionally surreal kid's picture . . . in which actors in bad bear suits enact a sort of inter-species parody of a vh1 behind the music episode . 
all the filmmakers are asking of us , is to believe in something that is improbable . 
offers the flash of rock videos fused with solid performances and eerie atmosphere . 
the reason we keep seeing the same movie with roughly the same people every year is because so many of us keep going and then , out of embarrassment or stupidity , not warning anyone . 
you'll just have your head in your hands wondering why lee's character didn't just go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery . 
after making several adaptations of other writers' work , armenian-canadian director atom egoyan broached an original treatment of a deeply personal subject . 
the movie has an infectious exuberance that will engage anyone with a passing interest in the skate/surf culture , the l . a . beach scene and the imaginative ( and sometimes illegal ) ways kids can make a playground out of the refuse of adults . 
the film boasts dry humor and jarring shocks , plus moments of breathtaking mystery . 
when the precise nature of matthew's predicament finally comes into sharp focus , the revelation fails to justify the build-up . 
the film is quiet , threatening and unforgettable . 
an utterly compelling 'who wrote it' in which the reputation of the most famous author who ever lived comes into question . 
the scorpion king is more fun than conan the barbarian . 
in his debut as a director , washington has a sure hand . his work with actors is particularly impressive . 
the movie is concocted and carried out by folks worthy of scorn , and the nicest thing i can say is that i can't remember a single name responsible for it . 
the whole film has this sneaky feel to it – as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product . 
a vivid , sometimes surreal , glimpse into the mysteries of human behavior . 
the movie is as padded as allen's jelly belly . 
not only is it a charming , funny and beautifully crafted import , it uses very little dialogue , making it relatively effortless to read and follow the action at the same time . 
a generation x artifact , capturing a brief era of insanity in the sports arena that surely cannot last . 
a rigorously structured and exquisitely filmed drama about a father and son connection that is a brief shooting star of love . 
it's also curious to note that this film , like the similarly ill-timed antitrust , is easily as bad at a fraction the budget . 
maggie smith as the ya-ya member with the o2-tank will absolutely crack you up with her crass , then gasp for gas , verbal deportment . 
full of profound , real-life moments that anyone can relate to , it deserves a wide audience . 
return to never land is reliable , standard disney animated fare , with enough creative energy and wit to entertain all ages . 
a morality tale whose thought-provoking potential is hampered by a made-for-tv look , rigid performances and an asinine 'twist' that brazenly rips off the sixth sense . 
you'd think by now america would have had enough of plucky british eccentrics with hearts of gold . yet the act is still charming here . 
a lack of thesis makes maryam , in the end , play out with the intellectual and emotional impact of an after-school special . 
nothing more than an amiable but unfocused bagatelle that plays like a loosely-connected string of acting-workshop exercises . 
i like all four of the lead actors a lot and they manage to squeeze a few laughs out of the material , but they're treading water at best in this forgettable effort . 
although very much like the first movie based on j . k . rowling's phenomenal fantasy best sellers , this second go-round possesses a quite pleasing , headlong thrust and a likably delinquent attitude . 
directing with a sure and measured hand , [haneke] steers clear of the sensational and offers instead an unflinching and objective look at a decidedly perverse pathology . 
it's splash without the jokes . 
 . . . comes alive only when it switches gears to the sentimental . 
a compelling film . 
i have to admit i walked out of runteldat . i did go back and check out the last 10 minutes , but these were more repulsive than the first 30 or 40 minutes . 
this picture is mostly a lump of run-of-the-mill profanity sprinkled with a few remarks so geared toward engendering audience sympathy that you might think he was running for office -- or trying to win over a probation officer . 
kosminsky . . . puts enough salt into the wounds of the tortured and self-conscious material to make it sting . 
for its 100 minutes running time , you'll wait in vain for a movie to happen . 
more trifle than triumph . 
creepy but ultimately unsatisfying thriller . 
it seems to me the film is about the art of ripping people off without ever letting them consciously know you have done so
it's a stale , overused cocktail using the same olives since 1962 as garnish . not only is entry number twenty the worst of the brosnan bunch , it's one of the worst of the entire franchise . 
the cast is uniformly excellent and relaxed . 
compassionately explores the seemingly irreconcilable situation between conservative christian parents and their estranged gay and lesbian children . 
offers a clear-eyed chronicle of a female friendship that is more complex and honest than anything represented in a hollywood film . 
daughter from danang sticks with its subjects a little longer and tells a deeper story
everything about it from the bland songs to the colorful but flat drawings is completely serviceable and quickly forgettable . 
 . . . the one thing this wild film has that other imax films don't : chimps , lots of chimps , all blown up to the size of a house . that's fun for kids of any age . 
this is a very funny , heartwarming film . it has fun with the quirks of family life , but it also treats the subject with fondness and respect . 
slack and uninspired , and peopled mainly by characters so unsympathetic that you're left with a sour taste in your mouth . 
really is a pan-american movie , with moments of genuine insight into the urban heart . 
77 minutes of pokemon may not last 4ever , it just seems like it does . my only wish is that celebi could take me back to a time before i saw this movie and i could just skip it . 
it lets you brush up against the humanity of a psycho , without making him any less psycho . 
raimi and his team couldn't have done any better in bringing the story of spider-man to the big screen . 
with its lackadaisical plotting and mindless action , all about the benjamins evokes the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks from the 1970s . 
 . . . a solid , unassuming drama . 
in the end , there isn't much to it . 
to some eyes this will seem like a recycling of clichés , an assassin's greatest hits . to others , it will remind them that hong kong action cinema is still alive and kicking . 
vibrantly colored and beautifully designed , metropolis is a feast for the eyes . 
a piquant meditation on the things that prevent people from reaching happiness . 
as a tolerable diversion , the film suffices ; a triumph , however , it is not . 
howard conjures the past via surrealist flourishes so overwrought you'd swear he just stepped out of a buñuel retrospective . 
the reason to see " sade " lay with the chemistry and complex relationship between the marquis ( auteil ) and emilie ( le besco ) . 
one of the most depressing movie-going experiences i can think of is to sit through about 90 minutes of a so-called 'comedy' and not laugh once . 
a portrait of an artist . 
the gags , and the script , are a mixed bag . 
i liked this film a lot . . . 
for once , a movie does not proclaim the truth about two love-struck somebodies , but permits them time and space to convince us of that all on their own . 
nair just doesn't have the necessary self-control to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy . 
the film is like a series of beginnings and middles that never take off . 
a properly spooky film about the power of spirits to influence us whether we believe in them or not . 
a comic gem with some serious sparkles . 
this is cruel , misanthropic stuff with only weak claims to surrealism and black comedy . 
a dark-as-pitch comedy that frequently veers into corny sentimentality , probably would not improve much after a therapeutic zap of shock treatment . 
though moonlight mile is replete with acclaimed actors and actresses and tackles a subject that's potentially moving , the movie is too predictable and too self-conscious to reach a level of high drama . 
funny and touching . 
it's hard not to feel you've just watched a feature-length video game with some really heavy back story . 
if you're content with a clever pseudo-bio that manages to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director's life , eisenstein delivers . 
rarely does a film so graceless and devoid of merit as this one come along . 
it aimlessly and unsuccessfully attempts to fuse at least three dull plots into one good one . 
`matrix'-style massacres erupt throughout . . . but the movie has a tougher time balancing its violence with kafka-inspired philosophy . 
adolescents will be adequately served by the movie's sophomoric blend of shenanigans and slapstick , although the more lascivious-minded might be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a 'topless tutorial service . '
an enthralling , entertaining feature . 
what's next : " my mother the car ? " 
greengrass has delivered an undoubted stylistic tour-de-force , and has managed elements such as sound and cinematography with skill
we've liked klein's other work but rollerball left us cold . 
the rules of attraction gets us too drunk on the party favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing . 
its plot and animation offer daytime tv serviceability , but little more . 
the gentle comic treatment of adolescent sturm und drang should please fans of chris fuhrman's posthumously published cult novel . 
soulless and -- even more damning -- virtually joyless , xxx achieves near virtuosity in its crapulence . 
a high-spirited buddy movie about the reunion of berlin anarchists who face arrest 15 years after their crime . 
it provides the grand , intelligent entertainment of a superior cast playing smart people amid a compelling plot . 
no , i don't know why steven seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or make any money . 
this thing is just garbage . 
the complex , politically charged tapestry of contemporary chinese life this exciting new filmmaker has brought to the screen is like nothing we westerners have seen before . 
despite the premise of a good story . . . it wastes all its star power on cliched or meaningless roles . 
liotta put on 30 pounds for the role , and has completely transformed himself from his smooth , goodfellas image . 
overly stylized with lots of flash black-&-white freeze frames reminiscent of a pseudo-hip luxury car commercial , ( it's ) at its worst when it's actually inside the ring . 
the strong subject matter continues to shock throughout the film . not everyone will play the dark , challenging tune taught by the piano teacher . 
saddled with an unwieldy cast of characters and angles , but the payoff is powerful and revelatory . 
a deliciously nonsensical comedy about a city coming apart at its seams . 
the video work is so grainy and rough , so dependent on being 'naturalistic' rather than carefully lit and set up , that it's exhausting to watch . 
as befits its title , this pg-13-rated piffle is ultimately as threatening as the snuggle fabric softener bear . 
what might have been acceptable on the printed page of iles' book does not translate well to the screen . 
a highly intriguing thriller , coupled with some ingenious plot devices and some lavishly built settings . . it's a worthwhile tutorial in quantum physics and slash-dash
would be an unendurable viewing experience for this ultra-provincial new yorker if 26-year-old reese witherspoon were not on hand to inject her pure fantasy character , melanie carmichael , with a massive infusion of old-fashioned hollywood magic . 
incoherence reigns . 
neither as scary-funny as tremors nor demented-funny as starship troopers , the movie isn't tough to take as long as you've paid a matinee price . 
atom egoyan has conjured up a multilayered work that tackles any number of fascinating issues
corny , schmaltzy and predictable , but still manages to be kind of heartwarming , nonetheless . it's the perfect kind of film to see when you don't want to use your brain . at all . 
overburdened with complicated plotting and banal dialogue
i can easily imagine benigni's pinocchio becoming a christmas perennial . coal isn't as easy to come by as it used to be and this would be a worthy substitute for naughty children's stockings . 
parker updates the setting in an attempt to make the film relevant today , without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place . 
attal mixes comedy with a serious exploration of ego and jealousy within a seemingly serene marriage . 
one of the year's most weirdly engaging and unpredictable character pieces . 
a period story about a catholic boy who tries to help a jewish friend get into heaven by sending the audience straight to hell . 
a waste of fearless purity in the acting craft . 
the problem is not that it's all derivative , because plenty of funny movies recycle old tropes . the problem is that van wilder does little that is actually funny with the material . 
the rock has a great presence but one battle after another is not the same as one battle followed by killer cgi effects . 
that death is merely a transition is a common tenet in the world's religions . this deeply spiritual film taps into the meaning and consolation in afterlife communications . 
the people in dogtown and z-boys are so funny , aggressive and alive , you have to watch them because you can't wait to see what they do next . 
highly watchable stuff . 
the script is a tired one , with few moments of joy rising above the stale material . 
deliberately and skillfully uses ambiguity to suggest possibilities which imbue the theme with added depth and resonance . 
what you expect is just what you get . . . assuming the bar of expectations hasn't been raised above sixth-grade height . 
like brosnan's performance , evelyn comes from the heart . 
the komediant is a tale worth catching . 
this is a throwaway , junk-food movie whose rap soundtrack was better tended to than the film itself . 
the two leads , nearly perfect in their roles , bring a heart and reality that buoy the film , and at times , elevate it to a superior crime movie . 
one of the pleasures in walter's documentary . . . is the parade of veteran painters , confounded dealers , and miscellaneous bohos who expound upon the subject's mysterious personality without ever explaining him . 
a film about a young man finding god that is accessible and touching to the marrow . 
director peter kosminsky gives these women a forum to demonstrate their acting 'chops' and they take full advantage . 
by candidly detailing the politics involved in the creation of an extraordinary piece of music , [jones] calls our attention to the inherent conflict between commerce and creativity . 
as underwater ghost stories go , below casts its spooky net out into the atlantic ocean and spits it back , grizzled and charred , somewhere northwest of the bermuda triangle . 
check your brain and your secret agent decoder ring at the door because you don't want to think too much about what's going on . the movie does has some entertainment value - how much depends on how well you like chris rock . 
the film virtually chokes on its own self-consciousness . 
fails to convince the audience that these brats will ever be anything more than losers . 
the film starts out as competent but unremarkable . . . and gradually grows into something of considerable power . 
when it's not wallowing in hormonal melodrama , " real women have curves " is a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama about a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams . 
an intelligent fiction about learning through cultural clash . 
it leers , offering next to little insight into its intriguing subject . 
there's no disguising this as one of the worst films of the summer . or for the year , for that matter . 
alternately hilarious and sad , aggravating and soulful , scathing and joyous . it's a masterpeice . 
[gulpilil] is a commanding screen presence , and his character's abundant humanism makes him the film's moral compass . 
shouldn't have been allowed to use the word " new " in its title , because there's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie . 
austin powers for the most part is extremely funny , the first part making up for any flaws that come later . 
this isn't even madonna's swept away . this is her blue lagoon . 
in a strange way , egoyan has done too much . he's worked too hard on this movie . 
some of the most inventive silliness you are likely to witness in a movie theatre for some time . 
a processed comedy chop suey . 
a sensitive and expertly acted crowd-pleaser that isn't above a little broad comedy and a few unabashedly sentimental tears . 
sucking all the 'classic' out of robert louis stevenson's treasure island and filling the void with sci-fi video game graphics and disney-fied adolescent angst . . . 
empire can't make up its mind whether it wants to be a gangster flick or an art film . it doesn't work as either . 
swiftly deteriorates into a terribly obvious melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project for lead actress andie macdowell . 
miller is playing so free with emotions , and the fact that children are hostages to fortune , that he makes the audience hostage to his swaggering affectation of seriousness . 
obvious
elling builds gradually until you feel fully embraced by this gentle comedy . 
i couldn't help but feel the wasted potential of this slapstick comedy . 
feels familiar and tired . 
has all the hallmarks of a movie designed strictly for children's home video , a market so insatiable it absorbs all manner of lame entertainment , as long as 3-year-olds find it diverting . 
streamlined to a tight , brisk 85-minute screwball thriller , " big trouble " is funny , harmless and as substantial as a tub of popcorn with extra butter . 
khouri manages , with terrific flair , to keep the extremes of screwball farce and blood-curdling family intensity on one continuum . 
it's a movie forged in the fires of chick flick hell . 
it is one more celluloid testimonial to the cruelties experienced by southern blacks as distilled through a caucasian perspective . 
what happened with pluto nash ? how did it ever get made ? 
all mood and no movie . 
denis forges out of the theories of class- based rage and sisterly obsession a razor-sided tuning fork that rings with cultural , sexual and social discord . 
that dogged good will of the parents and 'vain' jia's defoliation of ego , make the film touching despite some doldrums . 
britney has been delivered to the big screen safe and sound , the way we like our 20-year-old superstar girls to travel on the fame freeway . 
hope keeps arising that the movie will live up to the apparent skills of its makers and the talents of its actors , but it doesn't . 
starts out mediocre , spirals downward , and thuds to the bottom of the pool with an utterly incompetent conclusion . 
fortunately , elling never gets too cloying thanks to the actors' perfect comic timing and sweet , genuine chemistry . 
the warm presence of zhao benshan makes the preposterous lying hero into something more than he reasonably should be . 
deuces wild treads heavily into romeo and juliet/west side story territory , where it plainly has no business going . 
the pianist lacks the quick emotional connections of steven spielberg's schindler's list . but mr . polanski creates images even more haunting than those in mr . spielberg's 1993 classic . 
an awful lot like one of [spears'] music videos in content -- except that it goes on for at least 90 more minutes and , worse , that you have to pay if you want to see it . 
presents an astute appraisal of middle american musical torpor and the desperate struggle to escape it . 
as a good old-fashioned adventure for kids , spirit : stallion of the cimarron is a winner . 
a blair witch- style adventure that plays like a bad soap opera , with passable performances from everyone in the cast . 
you walk out of the good girl with mixed emotions — disapproval of justine combined with a tinge of understanding for her actions . 
a reasonably efficient mechanism , but it offers few surprises and finds its stars slumming in territory they should have avoided . 
the actors are fantastic . they are what makes it worth the trip to the theatre . 
writer and director otar iosseliani's pleasant tale about a factory worker who escapes for a holiday in venice reveals how we all need a playful respite from the grind to refresh our souls . 
an uninspired preachy and clichéd war film . 
a frankenstein mishmash that careens from dark satire to cartoonish slapstick , bartleby performs neither one very well . 
coy but exhilarating , with really solid performances by ving rhames and wesley snipes . 
i have no way of knowing exactly how much is exaggeration , but i've got a creepy feeling that the film is closer to the mark than i want to believe . 
it's a bad thing when a movie has about as much substance as its end credits blooper reel . 
mr . spielberg and his company just want you to enjoy yourselves without feeling conned . and they succeed merrily at their noble endeavor . 
a smart , compelling drama . 
a profoundly stupid affair , populating its hackneyed and meanspirited storyline with cardboard characters and performers who value cash above credibility . 
some people march to the beat of a different drum , and if you ever wondered what kind of houses those people live in , this documentary takes a look at 5 alternative housing options . 
the values that have held the enterprise crew together through previous adventures and perils do so again-courage , self-sacrifice and patience under pressure . 
the entire cast is first-rate , especially sorvino . 
a ponderous meditation on love that feels significantly longer than its relatively scant 97 minutes . 
an ugly , revolting movie . 
try as you might to scrutinize the ethics of kaufman's approach , somehow it all comes together to create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment . 
a timid , soggy near miss . 
comes across as a fairly weak retooling . 
all i can say is fuhgeddaboutit . 
with jump cuts , fast editing and lots of pyrotechnics , yu clearly hopes to camouflage how bad his movie is . he fails . 
director boris von sychowski instead opts for a routine slasher film that was probably more fun to make than it is to sit through . 
confessions may not be a straightforward bio , nor does it offer much in the way of barris' motivations , but the film is an oddly fascinating depiction of an architect of pop culture . 
the first bond movie in ages that isn't fake fun . 
it has the charm of the original american road movies , feasting on the gorgeous , ramshackle landscape of the filmmaker's motherland . 
a movie that will surely be profane , politically charged music to the ears of cho's fans . 
a full experience , a love story and a murder mystery that expands into a meditation on the deep deceptions of innocence . 
a funny , triumphant , and moving documentary . 
unlike most teen flicks , swimming takes its time to tell its story , casts mostly little-known performers in key roles , and introduces some intriguing ambiguity . 
resourceful and ingenious entertainment . 
 . . . an otherwise intense , twist-and-turn thriller that certainly shouldn't hurt talented young gaghan's resume . 
so much about the film is loopy and ludicrous . . . that it could have been a hoot in a bad-movie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened . 
behind the snow games and lovable siberian huskies ( plus one sheep dog ) , the picture hosts a parka-wrapped dose of heart . 
cinematic poo . 
suffers from a decided lack of creative storytelling . 
a distant , even sterile , yet compulsively watchable look at the sordid life of hogan's heroes star bob crane . 
perhaps the most annoying thing about who is cletis tout ? is that it's a crime movie made by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime . 
just like every other seagal movie , only louder and without that silly ponytail . 
' . . . a great , participatory spectator sport . '
this heist flick about young brooklyn hoods is off the shelf after two years to capitalize on the popularity of vin diesel , seth green and barry pepper . it should have stayed there . 
promises is one film that's truly deserving of its oscar nomination . 
an intriguing look at the french film industry during the german occupation ; its most delightful moments come when various characters express their quirky inner selves . 
[lin chung's] voice is rather unexceptional , even irritating ( at least to this western ear ) , making it awfully hard to buy the impetus for the complicated love triangle that develops between the three central characters . 
with tightly organized efficiency , numerous flashbacks and a constant edge of tension , miller's film is one of 2002's involvingly adult surprises . 
dolman confines himself to shtick and sentimentality -- the one bald and the other sloppy . 
the ring just left me cold and wet like i was out in the seattle drizzle without rainwear . 
more romantic , more emotional and ultimately more satisfying than the teary-eyed original . 
fans of the modern day hong kong action film finally have the worthy successor to a better tomorrow and the killer which they have been patiently waiting for . 
the plot convolutions ultimately add up to nothing more than jerking the audience's chain . 
movies like this are selling the old european candor , the old wink of 'bold' revelation . but in 2002 , such revelations wilt . 
the name says it all . jackass is a vulgar and cheap-looking version of candid camera staged for the marquis de sade set . 
i could have used my two hours better watching being john malkovich again . 
it all starts to smack of a hallmark hall of fame , with a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television . 
hey arnold ! the movie is what happens when you blow up small potatoes to 10 times their natural size , and it ain't pretty . 
a bit of an unwieldy mess . 
two-bit potboiler . 
the script falls back on too many tried-and-true shenanigans that hardly distinguish it from the next teen comedy . 
the movie attempts to mine laughs from a genre -- the gangster/crime comedy -- that wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago , and its cutesy reliance on movie-specific cliches isn't exactly endearing . 
the ensemble cast turns in a collectively stellar performance , and the writing is tight and truthful , full of funny situations and honest observations . 
the moviegoing equivalent of going to a dinner party and being forced to watch the host and hostess's home video of their baby's birth . 
it just goes to show , an intelligent person isn't necessarily an admirable storyteller . 
they should have called it gutterball . 
with tiny little jokes and nary an original idea , this sappy ethnic sleeper proves that not only blockbusters pollute the summer movie pool . 
there's not enough to sustain the comedy . 
it's the unsettling images of a war-ravaged land that prove more potent and riveting than the unlikely story of sarah and harrison . 
the story may not be new , but australian director john polson , making his american feature debut , jazzes it up adroitly . 
gussied up with so many distracting special effects and visual party tricks that it's not clear whether we're supposed to shriek or laugh . 
the delicious trimmings…arrive early and stay late , filling nearly every minute…with a lighthearted glow , some impudent snickers , and a glorious dose of humankind's liberating ability to triumph over a scrooge or two . 
uses high comedy to evoke surprising poignance . 
mr . caine and mr . fraser are the whole show here , with their memorable and resourceful performances . 
a small movie with a big heart . 
a sports movie with action that's exciting on the field and a story you care about off it . 
the drama was so uninspiring that even a story immersed in love , lust , and sin couldn't keep my attention . 
a film that suffers because of its many excesses . 
two badly interlocked stories drowned by all too clever complexity . 
may not have generated many sparks , but with his affection for astoria and its people he has given his tale a warm glow . 
faithful without being forceful , sad without being shrill , " a walk to remember " succeeds through sincerity . 
very solid , very watchable first feature for director peter sheridan
a bowel-curdling , heart-stopping recipe for terror . 
brainless , but enjoyably over-the-top , the retro gang melodrama , deuces wild represents fifties teen-gang machismo in a way that borders on rough-trade homo-eroticism . 
 . . . turns so unforgivably trite in its last 10 minutes that anyone without a fortified sweet tooth will likely go into sugar shock . 
if you're willing to have fun with it , you won't feel cheated by the high infidelity of unfaithful . 
contrived , maudlin and cliche-ridden . . . if this sappy script was the best the contest received , those rejected must have been astronomically bad . 
a forceful drama of an alienated executive who re-invents himself . 
epps has neither the charisma nor the natural affability that has made tucker a star . 
enormously likable , partly because it is aware of its own grasp of the absurd . 
a film in a class with spike lee's masterful do the right thing . 
coppola's directorial debut is an incredibly layered and stylistic film that , despite a fairly slow paced , almost humdrum approach to character development , still manages at least a decent attempt at meaningful cinema . 
there's a heavy stench of 'been there , done that' hanging over the film . it's everything you'd expect -- but nothing more . 
this painfully unfunny farce traffics in tired stereotypes and encumbers itself with complications . . . that have no bearing on the story . 
witty , contemplative , and sublimely beautiful . 
unless you come in to the film with a skateboard under your arm , you're going to feel like you weren't invited to the party . 
simultaneously heartbreakingly beautiful and exquisitely sad . 
shot largely in small rooms , the film has a gentle , unforced intimacy that never becomes claustrophobic . 
things really get weird , though not particularly scary : the movie is all portent and no content . 
an intelligent , multi-layered and profoundly humanist ( not to mention gently political ) meditation on the values of knowledge , education , and the affects of cultural and geographical displacement . 
an exercise in cynicism every bit as ugly as the shabby digital photography and muddy sound . 
looks and feels like a low-budget hybrid of scarface or carlito's way . 
the movie is a desperate miscalculation . it gives poor dana carvey nothing to do that is really funny , and then expects us to laugh because he acts so goofy all the time . 
ear-splitting exercise in formula crash-and-bash action . 
each scene wreaks of routine ; the film never manages to generate a single threat of suspense . 
ritchie's treatment of the class reversal is majorly ham-fisted , from the repetitive manifestos that keep getting thrown in people's faces to the fact amber is such a joke . 
although based on a real-life person , john , in the movie , is a rather dull person to be stuck with for two hours . 
what's really so appealing about the characters is their resemblance to everyday children . 
for a film about explosions and death and spies , " ballistic : ecks vs . sever " seems as safe as a children's film . well , in some of those , the mother deer even dies . 
the film's lack of personality permeates all its aspects — from the tv movie-esque , affected child acting to the dullest irish pub scenes ever filmed . 
an intelligent and deeply felt work about impossible , irrevocable choices and the price of making them . 
short-story quaint , touchingly mending a child's pain for his dead mother via communication with an old woman straight out of eudora welty . 
it recycles every cliché about gays in what is essentially an extended soap opera . 
satin rouge is not a new , or inventive , journey , but it's encouraging to see a three-dimensional , average , middle-aged woman's experience of self-discovery handled with such sensitivity . 
an authentically vague , but ultimately purposeless , study in total pandemonium . 
…an eerily suspenseful , deeply absorbing piece that works as a treatise on spirituality as well as a solid sci-fi thriller . 
generic thriller junk . teens only . 
the film has a few cute ideas and several modest chuckles but it isn't exactly kiddie-friendly… alas , santa is more ho-hum than ho-ho-ho and the snowman ( who never gets to play that flute ) has all the charm of a meltdown . 
 " collateral damage " goes by the numbers and reps decent action entertainment – until the silly showdown ending that forces the viewer to totally suspend disbelief
at heart the movie is a deftly wrought suspense yarn whose richer shadings work as coloring rather than substance . 
so relentlessly wholesome it made me want to swipe something . 
 . . . a confusing drudgery . 
it has a way of seeping into your consciousness , with lingering questions about what the film is really getting at . 
birot is a competent enough filmmaker , but her story has nothing fresh or very exciting about it . 
this movie plays like an extended dialogue exercise in retard 101 . 
an undistinguished attempt to make a classic theater piece cinematic . 
this film is so different from the apple and so striking that it can only encourage us to see samira makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success . 
ryan gosling . . . is at 22 a powerful young actor . 
it has the air of a surprisingly juvenile lark , a pop-influenced prank whose charms are immediately apparent and wear thin with repetition . 
somehow ms . griffiths and mr . pryce bring off this wild welsh whimsy . 
vaguely interesting , but it's just too too much . 
if you come from a family that eats , meddles , argues , laughs , kibbitzes and fights together , then go see this delightful comedy . 
a low-budget affair , tadpole was shot on digital video , and the images often look smeary and blurry , to the point of distraction . then again , in a better movie , you might not have noticed . 
downbeat , period-perfect biopic hammers home a heavy-handed moralistic message . 
the quirky drama touches the heart and the funnybone thanks to the energetic and always surprising performance by rachel griffiths . 
better at putting you to sleep than a sound machine . 
for all its alleged youthful fire , xxx is no less subservient to bond's tired formula of guns , girls and gadgets while brandishing a new action hero . 
brave and sweetly rendered love story . 
yes , 4ever is harmless in the extreme and it'll mute your kids for nearly 80 minutes , but why not just treat the little yard apes to the real deal and take them to spirited away ? 
while insomnia is in many ways a conventional , even predictable remake , nolan's penetrating undercurrent of cerebral and cinemantic flair lends ( it ) stimulating depth . 
a gift to anyone who loves both dance and cinema
the film fits into a genre that has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , and yet remains uniquely itself , vibrant with originality . 
such a fine idea for a film , and such a stultifying , lifeless execution . 
the marquis de sade couldn't have been as dull a person as this film makes him out to be . 
solondz may well be the only one laughing at his own joke
interacting eyeball-to-eyeball and toe-to-toe , hopkins and norton are a winning combination -- but fiennes steals 'red dragon' right from under their noses . 
the ingenious construction ( adapted by david hare from michael cunningham's novel ) constantly flows forwards and back , weaving themes among three strands which allow us to view events as if through a prism
it's fun , wispy , wise and surprisingly inoffensive for a film about a teen in love with his stepmom . 
foster nails the role , giving a tight , focused performance illuminated by shards of feeling . 
it all unfolds predictably , and the adventures that happen along the way seem repetitive and designed to fill time , providing no real sense of suspense . 
beneath the film's obvious determination to shock at any cost lies considerable skill and determination , backed by sheer nerve . 
mr . goyer's loose , unaccountable direction is technically sophisticated in the worst way . 
compelling as it is exotic , fast runner has a plot that rivals shakespeare for intrigue , treachery and murder . 
even horror fans will most likely not find what they're seeking with trouble every day ; the movie lacks both thrills and humor . 
it stars schticky chris rock and stolid anthony hopkins , who seem barely in the same movie . their contrast is neither dramatic nor comic -- it's just a weird fizzle . 
cool gadgets and creatures keep this fresh . not as good as the original , but what is . . . 
one of the film's most effective aspects is its tchaikovsky soundtrack of neurasthenic regret . 
[jeff's] gorgeous , fluid compositions , underlined by neil finn and edmund mcwilliams's melancholy music , are charged with metaphor , but rarely easy , obvious or self-indulgent . 
tadpole is a sophisticated , funny and good-natured treat , slight but a pleasure . 
it's impossible to even categorize this as a smutty guilty pleasure . 
it won't hold up over the long haul , but in the moment , finch's tale provides the forgettable pleasures of a saturday matinee . 
a dopey movie clothed in excess layers of hipness . 
collapses after 30 minutes into a slap-happy series of adolescent violence . 
less about shakespeare than the spawn of fools who saw quentin tarantino's handful of raucous gangster films and branched out into their own pseudo-witty copycat interpretations . 
a highly spirited , imaginative kid's movie that broaches neo-augustinian theology : is god stuck in heaven because he's afraid of his best-known creation ? 
the predominantly amateur cast is painful to watch , so stilted and unconvincing are the performances . 
tunney , brimming with coltish , neurotic energy , holds the screen like a true star . 
this is an extraordinary film , not least because it is japanese and yet feels universal . 
feels like six different movies fighting each other for attention . 
with spy kids 2 : the island of lost dreams , however , robert rodriguez adorns his family-film plot with an elegance and maturity that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking . 
the film makes strong arguments regarding the social status of america's indigenous people , but really only exists to try to eke out an emotional tug of the heart , one which it fails to get . 
the sight of the name bruce willis brings to mind images of a violent battlefield action picture , but the film has a lot more on its mind--maybe too much . 
ozpetek joins the ranks of those gay filmmakers who have used the emigre experience to explore same-sex culture in ways that elude the more nationally settled . 
while the material is slight , the movie is better than you might think . 
characters wander into predictably treacherous situations even though they should know better . 
it's a wise and powerful tale of race and culture forcefully told , with superb performances throughout . 
like coming into a long-running , well-written television series where you've missed the first half-dozen episodes and probably won't see the next six . 
'[the cockettes] provides a window into a subculture hell-bent on expressing itself in every way imaginable . '
look , this is a terrific flick replete with dazzling camera-work , dancing and music . 
the good thing -- the only good thing -- about extreme ops is that it's so inane that it gave me plenty of time to ponder my thanksgiving to-do list . 
make no mistake , ivans xtc . is a mess . 
arteta directs one of the best ensemble casts of the year
little more than a stylish exercise in revisionism whose point . . . is no doubt true , but serves as a rather thin moral to such a knowing fable . 
[haynes'] homage to such films as " all that heaven allows " and " imitation of life " transcends them . simply put , " far from heaven " is a masterpiece . 
the trials of henry kissinger is a remarkable piece of filmmaking … because you get it . 
captures all the longing , anguish and ache , the confusing sexual messages and the wish to be a part of that elusive adult world . 
a lot of talent is wasted in this crass , low-wattage endeavor . 
the soupy end result has the odd distinction of being playful without being fun , too . 
like most of jaglom's films , some of it is honestly affecting , but more of it seems contrived and secondhand . 
though clearly well-intentioned , this cross-cultural soap opera is painfully formulaic and stilted . 
a film that presents an interesting , even sexy premise then ruins itself with too many contrivances and goofy situations . 
those with a modicum of patience will find in these characters' foibles a timeless and unique perspective . 
howard and his co-stars all give committed performances , but they're often undone by howard's self-conscious attempts to find a 'literary' filmmaking style to match his subject . 
the master of disguise falls under the category of 'should have been a sketch on saturday night live . '
like a south-of-the-border melrose place . 
this limp gender-bender-baller from a first-time director and rookie screenwriter steals wholesale from that 1982's tootsie , forgetting only to retain a single laugh . 
 . . . wallace is smart to vary the pitch of his movie , balancing deafening battle scenes with quieter domestic scenes of women back home receiving war department telegrams . 
this one is a few bits funnier than malle's dud , if only because the cast is so engagingly messing around like slob city reductions of damon runyon crooks . 
vereté has a whip-smart sense of narrative bluffs . 
lightweight but appealing . 
if you've the patience , there are great rewards here . 
frida's artistic brilliance is undeniable -- it's among the most breathtakingly designed films i've ever seen . 
goes a long way on hedonistic gusto . 
'dragonfly' dwells on crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality , and sappy dialogue . 
jackson and co have brought back the value and respect for the term epic cinema . 
this long and relentlessly saccharine film is a clear case of preaching to the converted . 
hugh grant's act is so consuming that sometimes it's difficult to tell who the other actors in the movie are . 
complete lack of originality , cleverness or even visible effort
barely gets off the ground . 
leigh is one of the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema . he allows his cast members to make creative contributions to the story and dialogue . this method almost never fails him , and it works superbly here . 
director tom shadyac and star kevin costner glumly mishandle the story's promising premise of a physician who needs to heal himself . 
makes the same mistake as the music industry it criticizes , becoming so slick and watered-down it almost loses what made you love it in the first place . 
as a director , paxton is surprisingly brilliant , deftly sewing together what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip . 
an irresistible combination of a rousing good story set on a truly grand scale . 
this hastily mounted production exists only to capitalize on hopkins' inclination to play hannibal lecter again , even though harris has no immediate inclination to provide a fourth book . 
hatosy . . . portrays young brendan with his usual intelligence and subtlety , not to mention a convincing brogue . 
finally coming down off of miramax's deep shelves after a couple of aborted attempts , waking up in reno makes a strong case for letting sleeping dogs lie . 
it's an experience in understanding a unique culture that is presented with universal appeal . 
jackson tries to keep the plates spinning as best he can , but all the bouncing back and forth can't help but become a bit tedious -- even with the breathtaking landscapes and villainous varmints there to distract you from the ricocheting . 
contains all the substance of a twinkie -- easy to swallow , but scarcely nourishing . 
engrossing and affecting , if ultimately not quite satisfying . 
if you're looking for a smart , nuanced look at de sade and what might have happened at picpus , sade is your film . 
it has that rare quality of being able to creep the living hell out of you . . . 
compellingly watchable . 
morvern callar confirms lynne ramsay as an important , original talent in international cinema . 
sadly , 'garth' hasn't progressed as nicely as 'wayne . '
fred schepisi's film is paced at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age and deathly slow to any teen . with a cast of a-list brit actors , it is worth searching out . 
the film seems a dead weight . the lack of pace kills it , although , in a movie about cancer , this might be apt . 
the master of disguise may have made a great saturday night live sketch , but a great movie it is not . 
pumpkin sits in a patch somewhere between mirthless todd solondzian satire and callow student film . 
despite its flaws , secretary stays in your head and makes you question your own firmly held positions . 
mindless and boring martial arts and gunplay with too little excitement and zero compelling storyline . 
as with too many studio pics , plot mechanics get in the way of what should be the lighter-than-air adventure . 
it all adds up to good fun . 
gives an intriguing twist to the french coming-of-age genre . 
sounding like arnold schwarzenegger , with a physique to match , [ahola] has a wooden delivery and encounters a substantial arc of change that doesn't produce any real transformation . 
at times funny and at other times candidly revealing , it's an intriguing look at two performers who put themselves out there because they love what they do . 
it's plotless , shapeless -- and yet , it must be admitted , not entirely humorless . indeed , the more outrageous bits achieve a shock-you-into-laughter intensity of almost dadaist proportions . 
this is not the undisputed worst boxing movie ever , but it's certainly not a champion - the big loser is the audience . 
a real story about real people living their lives concerned about the future of an elderly , mentally handicapped family member . 
no big whoop , nothing new to see , zero thrills , too many flashbacks and a choppy ending make for a bad film . 
i got a headache watching this meaningless downer . 
less worrying about covering all the drama in frida's life and more time spent exploring her process of turning pain into art would have made this a superior movie . 
this is one of polanski's best films . 
ver wiel's desperate attempt at wit is lost , leaving the character of critical jim two-dimensional and pointless . 
i found myself liking the film , though in this case one man's treasure could prove to be another man's garbage . 
a major waste . . . generic . 
the story that emerges has elements of romance , tragedy and even silent-movie comedy . 
the fact that the 'best part' of the movie comes from a 60-second homage to one of demme's good films doesn't bode well for the rest of it . 
there is a refreshing absence of cynicism in stuart little 2--quite a rarity , even in the family film market . eventually , it wins you over . 
the film was produced by jerry bruckheimer and directed by joel schumacher , and reflects the worst of their shallow styles : wildly overproduced , inadequately motivated every step of the way and demographically targeted to please every one ( and no one ) . 
an entertainment so in love with its overinflated mythology that it no longer recognizes the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots . 
an inspiring and heart-affecting film about the desperate attempts of vietnamese refugees living in u . s . relocation camps to keep their hopes alive in 1975 . 
it's good to see michael caine whipping out the dirty words and punching people in the stomach again . 
a ragbag of cliches . 
it's both a necessary political work and a fascinating documentary . . . 
i'd watch these two together again in a new york minute . 
this is one of mr . chabrol's subtlest works , but also one of his most uncanny . 
the additional storyline is interesting and entertaining , but it doesn't have the same magical quality as the beginning of the story . i like the new footage and still love the old stuff . 
an energetic and engaging film that never pretends to be something it isn't . 
the film is really closer to porn than a serious critique of what's wrong with this increasingly pervasive aspect of gay culture . 
 . . . a trashy little bit of fluff stuffed with enjoyable performances and a bewildering sense of self-importance
it concentrates far too much on the awkward interplay and utter lack of chemistry between chan and hewitt . 
shot like a postcard and overacted with all the boozy self-indulgence that brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors . . . 
to paraphrase a line from another dickens' novel , nicholas nickleby is too much like a fragment of an underdone potato . 
by halfway through this picture i was beginning to hate it , and , of course , feeling guilty for it . . . . then , miracle of miracles , the movie does a flip-flop . 
has little on its mind aside from scoring points with drag gags . 
despite its floating narrative , this is a remarkably accessible and haunting film . 
one of the best inside-show-biz yarns ever . 
just a bloody mess . 
after seeing swept away , i feel sorry for madonna . 
one of those exceedingly rare films in which the talk alone is enough to keep us involved . 
like smoke signals , the film is also imbued with strong themes of familial ties and spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama
a brilliant gag at the expense of those who paid for it and those who pay to see it . 
some body smacks of exhibitionism more than it does cathartic truth telling . 
the very definition of the 'small' movie , but it is a good stepping stone for director sprecher . 
for more than two decades mr . nachtwey has traveled to places in the world devastated by war , famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity . 
an amusing and unexpectedly insightful examination of sexual jealousy , resentment and the fine line between passion and pretence . 
shamelessly sappy and , worse , runs away from its own provocative theme . 
 . . . as the story congeals you feel the pieces of the star wars saga falling into place in a way that makes your spine tingle with revelation and excitement . 
whaley's determination to immerse you in sheer , unrelenting wretchedness is exhausting . 
the stupidest , most insulting movie of 2002's first quarter . 
the slam-bang superheroics are kinetic enough to engross even the most antsy youngsters . 
uplifting as only a document of the worst possibilities of mankind can be , and among the best films of the year . 
it may seem long at 110 minutes if you're not a fan , because it includes segments of 12 songs at a reunion concert . 
taken as a whole , the tuxedo doesn't add up to a whole lot . 
although the level of the comedy declines as the movie proceeds , there's no denying the fun of watching de niro and crystal having fun . 
if there was any doubt that peter o'fallon didn't have an original bone in his body , a rumor of angels should dispel it . 
visually exciting sci-fi film which suffers from a lackluster screenplay . 
it's sort of a 21st century morality play with a latino hip hop beat . but the second half of the movie really goes downhill . 
ultimately , sarah's dedication to finding her husband seems more psychotic than romantic , and nothing in the movie makes a convincing case that one woman's broken heart outweighs all the loss we witness . 
for a debut film , skin of man , heart of beast feels unusually assured . 
[there's] quite a bit of heart , as you would expect from the directors of the little mermaid and aladdin . 
 " 13 conversations about one thing " is an intelligent flick that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling . 
it's not as awful as some of the recent hollywood trip tripe . . . but it's far from a groundbreaking endeavor . 
chai's structure and pacing are disconcertingly slack . 
a sly game of cat and mouse that's intense and thrilling at times , but occasionally stretches believability to its limits and relies on predictable plot contrivances . 
'it's better to go in knowing full well what's going to happen , but willing to let the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists . cynics need not apply . '
there are weird resonances between actor and role here , and they're not exactly flattering . 
in a big corner office in hell , satan is throwing up his hands in surrender , is firing his r&d people , and has decided he will just screen the master of disguise 24/7 . 
a warm but realistic meditation on friendship , family and affection . 
off the hook is overlong and not well-acted , but credit writer-producer-director adam watstein with finishing it at all . 
an offbeat , sometimes gross and surprisingly appealing animated film about the true meaning of the holidays . 
that storytelling has value cannot be denied . not even solondz's thirst for controversy , sketchy characters and immature provocations can fully succeed at cheapening it . 
it is most of the things costner movies are known for ; it's sanctimonious , self-righteous and so eager to earn our love that you want to slap it . 
a fifty car pileup of cliches . 
while the mystery surrounding the nature of the boat's malediction remains intriguing enough to sustain mild interest , the picture refuses to offer much accompanying sustenance in the way of characterization , humor or plain old popcorn fun . 
too stupid to be satire , too obviously hateful to be classified otherwise , frank novak's irritating slice of lumpen life is as reliably soul-killing as its title is nearly meaningless . 
bears is bad . not 'terrible filmmaking' bad , but more like , 'i once had a nightmare like this , and it's now coming true' bad . 
an old-fashioned but emotionally stirring adventure tale of the kind they rarely make anymore . 
couldn't someone take rob schneider and have him switch bodies with a funny person ? 
none of this is half as moving as the filmmakers seem to think . 
for all its serious sense of purpose . . . [it] finds a way to lay bare the tragedies of its setting with a good deal of warmth and humor . 
caruso sometimes descends into sub-tarantino cuteness . . . but for the most part he makes sure the salton sea works the way a good noir should , keeping it tight and nasty . 
only for young children , if them . their parents would do well to cram earplugs in their ears and put pillowcases over their heads for 87 minutes . 
i felt sad for lise not so much because of what happens as because she was captured by this movie when she obviously belongs in something lighter and sunnier , by rohmer , for example . 
plays like a glossy melodrama that occasionally verges on camp . 
 . . . a fairly disposable yet still entertaining b picture . 
a compendium of solondz's own worst instincts in under 90 minutes . 
 . . . stumbles over every cheap trick in the book trying to make the outrage come even easier . 
majidi is an unconventional storyteller , capable of finding beauty in the most depressing places . 
taken individually or collectively , the stories never add up to as much as they promise . 
caso você sinta necessidade de sair da sala antes do término da projeção , não se preocupe : ninguém lhe enviará penas simbolizando covardia . 
a realistically terrifying movie that puts another notch in the belt of the long list of renegade-cop tales . 
 . . . bibbidy-bobbidi-bland . 
it's a shame that the storyline and its underlying themes . . . finally seem so impersonal or even shallow . 
the reason this picture works better than its predecessors is that myers is no longer simply spoofing the mini-mod-madness of '60s spy movies . 
though the aboriginal aspect lends the ending an extraordinary poignancy , and the story itself could be played out in any working class community in the nation . 
[schweiger is] talented and terribly charismatic , qualities essential to both movie stars and social anarchists . 
all the performances are top notch and , once you get through the accents , all or nothing becomes an emotional , though still positive , wrench of a sit . 
brilliantly written and well-acted , yellow asphalt is an uncompromising film . 
too loud , too long and too frantic by half , die another day suggests that the bond franchise has run into a creative wall that 007 cannot fly over , tunnel under or barrel through . 
see it . debate it . remember it . 
who , exactly , is fighting whom here ? ah , yes , that would be me : fighting off the urge to doze . 
an essentially awkward version of the lightweight female empowerment picture we've been watching for decades
time literally stops on a dime in the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool " clockstoppers , " but that doesn't mean it still won't feel like the longest 90 minutes of your movie-going life . 
despite the predictable parent vs . child coming-of-age theme , first-class , natural acting and a look at " the real americans " make this a charmer . 
the troubling thing about clockstoppers is that it doesn't make any sense . 
while general audiences might not come away with a greater knowledge of the facts of cuban music , they'll be treated to an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds . 
as the movie dragged on , i thought i heard a mysterious voice , and felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign . i have returned from the beyond to warn you : this movie is 90 minutes long , and life is too short . 
seemingly disgusted with the lazy material and the finished product's unshapely look , director fisher stevens inexplicably dips key moments from the film in waking life water colors . 
one can only assume that the jury who bestowed star hoffman's brother gordy with the waldo salt screenwriting award at 2002's sundance festival were honoring an attempt to do something different over actually pulling it off
stevenson's performance is at once clueless and fiercely committed , a volatile combination . 
not one moment in the enterprise didn't make me want to lie down in a dark room with something cool to my brow . 
shatner is probably the funniest person in the film , which gives you an idea just how bad it was . 
a thinly veiled look at different aspects of chinese life clashing with each other . 
far too clever by half , howard's film is really a series of strung-together moments , with all the spaces in between filled with fantasies , daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope after another . 
the film's performances are thrilling . 
chicago offers much colorful eye candy , including the spectacle of gere in his dancing shoes , hoofing and crooning with the best of them . 
the enjoyable undercover brother , a zany mix of saturday night live-style parody , '70s blaxploitation films and goofball action comedy gone wild , dishes out a ton of laughs that everyone can enjoy . 
invigorating , surreal , and resonant with a rainbow of emotion . 
[creates] the worst kind of mythologizing , the kind that sacrifices real heroism and abject suffering for melodrama . 
[chaiken's] talent lies in an evocative , accurate observation of a distinctive milieu and in the lively , convincing dialogue she creates for her characters . 
an impressive debut for first-time writer-director mark romanek , especially considering his background is in music video . 
smith is careful not to make fun of these curious owners of architectural oddities . instead , he shows them the respect they are due . 
