there's not much to fatale , outside of its stylish surprises . . . but that's ok . 
although fairly involving as far as it goes , the film doesn't end up having much that is fresh to say about growing up catholic or , really , anything . 
it would take a complete moron to foul up a screen adaptation of oscar wilde's classic satire . 
a technical triumph and an extraordinary bore . 
the sort of film that makes me miss hitchcock , but also feel optimistic that there's hope for popular cinema yet . 
high crimes steals so freely from other movies and combines enough disparate types of films that it can't help but engage an audience . 
taken outside the context of the current political climate ( see : terrorists are more evil than ever ! ) , the sum of all fears is simply a well-made and satisfying thriller . 
clint eastwood's blood work is a lot like a well-made pb& j sandwich : familiar , fairly uneventful and boasting no real surprises – but still quite tasty and inviting all the same . 
a well paced and satisfying little drama that deserved better than a ‘direct-to-video' release . 
the campy results make mel brooks' borscht belt schtick look sophisticated . 
despite these annoyances , the capable clayburgh and tambor really do a great job of anchoring the characters in the emotional realities of middle age . 
with so many bad romances out there , this is the kind of movie that deserves a chance to shine . 
an ambitious , guilt-suffused melodrama crippled by poor casting . 
there's an excellent 90-minute film here ; unfortunately , it runs for 170 . 
as unseemly as its title suggests . 
it is a kickass , dense sci-fi action thriller hybrid that delivers and then some . i haven't seen one in so long , no wonder i didn't recognize it at first . 
it will make you think twice about what might be going on inside each trailer park you drive past -- even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster . 
there's no conversion effort , much of the writing is genuinely witty and both stars are appealing enough to probably have a good shot at a hollywood career , if they want one . 
an infinitely wittier version of the home alone formula . 
sorvino is delightful in the central role . she nearly glows with enthusiasm , sensuality and a conniving wit . 
decasia is what has happened already to so many silent movies , newsreels and the like . the unexpected thing is that its dying , in this shower of black-and-white psychedelia , is quite beautiful . 
the film is grossly contradictory in conveying its social message , if indeed there is one . 
piccoli's performance is amazing , yes , but the symbols of loss and denial and life-at-arm's-length in the film seem irritatingly transparent . 
the weight of the piece , the unerring professionalism of the chilly production , and the fascination embedded in the lurid topic prove recommendation enough . 
it's all a rather shapeless good time . . . 
you may think you have figured out the con and the players in this debut film by argentine director fabian bielinsky , but while you were thinking someone made off with your wallet . 
a plodding look at the french revolution through the eyes of aristocrats . 
i've never seen or heard anything quite like this film , and i recommend it for its originality alone . 
any reasonably creative eighth-grader could have written a more credible script , though with the same number of continuity errors . 
the gags are often a stitch . 
a suffocating rape-payback horror show that hinges on the subgenre's most enabling victim . . . and an ebullient affection for industrial-model meat freezers . 
cacoyannis' vision is far less mature , interpreting the play as a call for pity and sympathy for anachronistic phantasms haunting the imagined glory of their own pasts . 
sure , i hated myself in the morning . but then again , i hate myself most mornings . i still like moonlight mile , better judgment be damned . 
offers an unusual opportunity to observe the inequities in the death penalty , not just the inherent immorality but also the haphazard administration of it and public misperception of how the whole thing works . 
witherspoon puts to rest her valley-girl image , but it's dench who really steals the show . 
it has a caffeinated , sloppy brilliance , sparkling with ideas you wish had been developed with more care , but animated by an energy that puts the dutiful efforts of more disciplined grade-grubbers to shame . 
in the end , punch-drunk love is one of those films that i wanted to like much more than i actually did . sometimes , that's enough . 
the script's snazzy dialogue establishes a realistic atmosphere that involves us in the unfolding crisis , but the lazy plotting ensures that little of our emotional investment pays off . 
fans of the animated wildlife adventure show will be in warthog heaven ; others need not necessarily apply . 
a sudsy cautionary tale . 
while the ideas about techno-saturation are far from novel , they're presented with a wry dark humor . 
one of the most plain , unimaginative romantic comedies i've ever seen . 
a fake street drama that keeps telling you things instead of showing them . 
rehearsals are frequently more fascinating than the results . last dance , whatever its flaws , fulfills one facet of its mission in making me want to find out whether , in this case , that's true . 
in his role of observer of the scene , lawrence sounds whiny and defensive , as if his life-altering experiences made him bitter and less mature . 
an overstylized , puréed mélange of sex , psychology , drugs and philosophy . sometimes entertaining , sometimes indulgent -- but never less than pure wankery . 
the dangerous lives of altar boys' take on adolescence feels painfully true . 
the movie itself is far from disappointing , offering an original take on courtroom movies , a few nifty twists that are so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance by top-billed star bruce willis . 
we get some truly unique character studies and a cross-section of americana that hollywood couldn't possibly fictionalize and be believed . 
this kind of hands-on storytelling is ultimately what makes shanghai ghetto move beyond a good , dry , reliable textbook and what allows it to rank with its worthy predecessors . 
ultimately , in the history of the academy , people may be wondering what all that jazz was about " chicago " in 2002 . zellweger's whiny pouty-lipped poof faced and spindly attempt at playing an ingenue makes her nomination as best actress even more of a an a
it's hard to care about a film that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress . 
a fast-paced , glitzy but extremely silly piece . 
call it magic realism or surrealism , but miss wonton floats beyond reality with a certain degree of wit and dignity . 
i whole-heartedly recommend that everyone see this movie-- for its historical significance alone . 
if you saw benigni's pinocchio at a public park , you'd grab your kids and run and then probably call the police . 
dreary tale of middle-class angst
when one hears harry shearer is going to make his debut as a film director , one would hope for the best
throwing it all away for the fleeting joys of love's brief moment . 
your taste for jonah - a veggie tales movie may well depend on your threshold for pop manifestations of the holy spirit . 
an often-deadly boring , strange reading of a classic whose witty dialogue is treated with a baffling casual approach
somehow we're meant to buy that this doting mother would shun her kids , travel to one of the most dangerous parts of the world , don fatigues and become g . i . jane . 
the premise of jason x is silly but strangely believable . 
outrageousness is all plympton seemed to be going for this time . we miss the quirky amazement that used to come along for an integral part of the ride . 
an infuriating film . just when you think you are making sense of it , something happens that tells you there is no sense . 
as adapted by kevin molony from simon leys' novel " the death of napoleon " and directed by alan taylor , napoleon's journey is interesting but his parisian rebirth is stillborn
i am highly amused by the idea that we have come to a point in society where it has been deemed important enough to make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray richard dawson . 
rarely has skin looked as beautiful , desirable , even delectable , as it does in trouble every day . 
 . . . quite endearing . 
antwone fisher certainly does the trick of making us care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories but , with few exceptions , it rarely stoops to cheap manipulation or corny conventions to do it . 
several degrees shy of the gross-out contests one expects from current teen fare . 
broomfield's style of journalism is hardly journalism at all , and even those with an avid interest in the subject will grow impatient . 
filled with low-brow humor , gratuitous violence and a disturbing disregard for life . 
a miraculous movie , i'm going home is so slight , yet overflows with wisdom and emotion . 
mandel holland's direction is uninspired , and his scripting unsurprising , but the performances by phifer and black are ultimately winning . you'll find yourself wishing that you and they were in another movie . 
84 minutes of rolling musical back beat and supercharged cartoon warfare . it's also , clearly , great fun . 
this is for the most part a useless movie , even with a great director at the helm . 
 . . . ice age treads predictably along familiar territory , making it a passable family film that won't win many fans over the age of 12 . 
meticulously mounted , exasperatingly well-behaved film , which ticks off kahlo's lifetime milestones with the dutiful precision of a tax accountant . 
the subtitled costume drama is set in a remote african empire before cell phones , guns , and the internal combustion engine , but the politics that thump through it are as timely as tomorrow . 
the fourth in a series that i'll bet most parents had thought --hoped ! -- was a fad that had long since vanished . 
by the end of the movie , you're definitely convinced that these women are spectacular . 
kung pow is oedekerk's realization of his childhood dream to be in a martial-arts flick , and proves that sometimes the dreams of youth should remain just that . 
a chick flick for guys . 
a bigger holiday downer than your end-of-year 401 ( k ) statement . 
it takes talent to make a lifeless movie about the most heinous man who ever lived . 
christians sensitive to a reductionist view of their lord as a luv-spreading dr . feelgood or omnipotent slacker will feel vastly more affronted than secularists , who might even praise god for delivering such an instant camp classic . 
' . . . mafia , rap stars and hood rats butt their ugly heads in a regurgitation of cinematic violence that gives brutal birth to an unlikely , but likable , hero . '
this nickleby thing might have more homosexual undertones than an eddie murphy film . and just when you think it can't get any more gay , in pops nathan lane . 
a gorgeous , somnolent show that is splendidly mummified and thoroughly unsurprising . 
a lightweight , uneven action comedy that freely mingles french , japanese and hollywood cultures . 
collateral damage is trash , but it earns extra points by acting as if it weren't . 
this charmless nonsense ensues amid clanging film references that make jay and silent bob's excellent adventure seem understated . 
a backhanded ode to female camaraderie penned by a man who has little clue about either the nature of women or of friendship . 
hilarious musical comedy though stymied by accents thick as mud . 
much of what we see is horrible but it's also undeniably exceedingly clever . 
an unbelievably stupid film , though occasionally fun enough to make you forget its absurdity . 
mel gibson fights the good fight in vietnam in director randall wallace's flag-waving war flick with a core of decency . 
a gangster movie with the capacity to surprise . 
no wonder they're talking about " talk to her . " it's astonishing . 
trapped presents a frightening and compelling 'what if ? ' scenario that will give most parents pause . . . . then , something terrible happens . 
[washington's] strong hand , keen eye , sweet spirit and good taste are reflected in almost every scene . 
it's an ambitious film , and as with all ambitious films , it has some problems . but on the whole , you're gonna like this movie . 
as antonia is assimilated into this newfangled community , the film settles in and becomes compulsively watchable in a guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort of fashion . 
chokes on its own depiction of upper-crust decorum . 
a certain sexiness underlines even the dullest tangents . 
egoyan's work often elegantly considers various levels of reality and uses shifting points of view , but here he has constructed a film so labyrinthine that it defeats his larger purpose . 
returning aggressively to his formula of dimwitted comedy and even dimmer characters , sandler , who also executive produces , has made a film that makes previous vehicles look smart and sassy . 
exactly what it claims to be -- a simple diversion for the kids . 
the movie has a soft , percolating magic , a deadpan suspense . 
drumline is -- the mere suggestion , albeit a visually compelling one , of a fully realized story . 
this romantic/comedy asks the question how much souvlaki can you take before indigestion sets in . 
the dragons are the real stars of reign of fire and you won't be disappointed . 
if you sometimes like to go to the movies to have fun , wasabi is a good place to start . 
the movie is amateurish , but it's a minor treat . 
birthday girl doesn't try to surprise us with plot twists , but rather seems to enjoy its own transparency . 
this is a harrowing movie about how parents know where all the buttons are , and how to push them . 
overall , it's a pretty mediocre family film . 
biggie and tupac is so single-mindedly daring , it puts far more polished documentaries to shame . 
a great idea becomes a not-great movie . 
we need [moore's] noisy , cocky energy , his passion and class consciousness ; we need his shticks , we need his stones . 
oliveira seems to pursue silent film representation with every mournful composition . 
a beautifully shot but dull and ankle-deep 'epic . '
labute can't avoid a fatal mistake in the modern era : he's changed the male academic from a lower-class brit to an american , a choice that upsets the novel's exquisite balance and shreds the fabric of the film . 
granddad of le nouvelle vague , jean-luc godard continues to baffle the faithful with his games of hide-and-seek . 
the structure is simple , but in its own way , rabbit-proof fence is a quest story as grand as the lord of the rings . 
always destined to be measured against anthony asquith's acclaimed 1952 screen adaptation . 
the film is bright and flashy in all the right ways . 
you have to pay attention to follow all the stories , but they're each interesting . the movie is well shot and very tragic , and one to ponder after the credits roll . 
for almost the first two-thirds of martin scorsese's 168-minute gangs of new york , i was entranced . 
while the ensemble player who gained notice in guy ritchie's lock , stock and two smoking barrels and snatch has the bod , he's unlikely to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle . 
jackie chan movies are a guilty pleasure - he's easy to like and always leaves us laughing . 
an involving , inspirational drama that sometimes falls prey to its sob-story trappings . 
one thing you have to give them credit for : the message of the movie is consistent with the messages espoused in the company's previous video work . 
all leather pants & augmented boobs , hawn is hilarious as she tries to resuscitate the fun-loving libertine lost somewhere inside the conservative , handbag-clutching sarandon . 
the obnoxious title character provides the drama that gives added clout to this doc . 
there are now two signs that m . night shyamalan's debut feature sucked up all he has to give to the mystic genres of cinema : unbreakable and signs . 
makes for a pretty unpleasant viewing experience . 
it is amusing , and that's all it needs to be . 
this 72-minute film does have some exciting scenes , but it's a tad slow . 
it's not like having a real film of nijinsky , but at least it's better than that eponymous 1980 biopic that used soap in the places where the mysteries lingered . 
at the bottom rung of the series' entries . 
an afterschool special without the courage of its convictions . 
lush and beautifully photographed ( somebody suggested the stills might make a nice coffee table book ) , but ultimately you'll leave the theater wondering why these people mattered . 
the farcical elements seemed too pat and familiar to hold my interest , yet its diverting grim message is a good one . 
the episodic film makes valid points about the depersonalization of modern life . but the characters tend to be cliches whose lives are never fully explored . 
ultimately , clarity matters , both in breaking codes and making movies . enigma lacks it . 
the script is smart , not cloying . 
perhaps no picture ever made has more literally showed that the road to hell is paved with good intentions . 
j . lo will earn her share of the holiday box office pie , although this movie makes one thing perfectly clear : she's a pretty woman , but she's no working girl . 
at no point during k-19 : the widowmaker did this viewer feel enveloped in a story that , though meant to be universal in its themes of loyalty , courage and dedication to a common goal , never seems to leave the lot . 
even when there are lulls , the emotions seem authentic , and the picture is so lovely toward the end . . . you almost don't notice the 129-minute running time . 
sleek and arty . 
 . . . a pretentious and ultimately empty examination of a sick and evil woman . 
the art direction is often exquisite , and the anthropomorphic animal characters are beautifully realized through clever makeup design , leaving one to hope that the eventual dvd release will offer subtitles and the original italian-language soundtrack . 
for veggietales fans , this is more appetizing than a side dish of asparagus . if you're not a fan , it might be like trying to eat brussels sprouts . 
is this love or is it masochism ? binoche makes it interesting trying to find out . 
with lesser talents , high crimes would be entertaining , but forgettable . with freeman and judd , i'll at least remember their characters . 
serry does a fine job of capturing the climate of the times and , perhaps unwittingly , relating it to what is happening in america in 2002 . but hard-to-believe plot twists force the movie off track in its final half hour . 
it's easy to love robin tunney -- she's pretty and she can act -- but it gets harder and harder to understand her choices . 
this one is strictly a lightweight escapist film . 
if you're burnt out on it's a wonderful life marathons and bored with a christmas carol , it might just be the movie you're looking for . it depends on how well flatulence gags fit into your holiday concept . 
a battle between bug-eye theatre and dead-eye matinee . 
there's an epic here , but you have to put it together yourself . 
lee jeong-hyang tells it so lovingly and films it so beautifully that i couldn't help being captivated by it . 
hardman is a grating , mannered onscreen presence , which is especially unfortunate in light of the fine work done by most of the rest of her cast . 
in all , this is a watchable movie that's not quite the memorable experience it might have been . 
if we sometimes need comforting fantasies about mental illness , we also need movies like tim mccann's revolution no . 9 . 
bears about as much resemblance to the experiences of most battered women as spider-man does to the experiences of most teenagers . 
max pokes , provokes , takes expressionistic license and hits a nerve . . . as far as art is concerned , it's mission accomplished . 
a conventional but heartwarming tale . 
it's not original , and , robbed of the element of surprise , it doesn't have any huge laughs in its story of irresponsible cops who love to play pranks . 
two weeks notice has appeal beyond being a sandra bullock vehicle or a standard romantic comedy . 
the bodily function jokes are about what you'd expect , but there are rich veins of funny stuff in this movie . 
it's not exactly a gourmet meal but the fare is fair , even coming from the drive-thru . 
forgettable , if good-hearted , movie . 
largely a for-fans artifact . 
at times , however , dogtown and z-boys lapses into an insider's lingo and mindset that the uninitiated may find hard to follow , or care about . 
kenneth branagh's energetic sweet-and-sour performance as a curmudgeonly british playwright grounds this overstuffed , erratic dramedy in which he and his improbably forbearing wife contend with craziness and child-rearing in los angeles . 
occasionally , in the course of reviewing art-house obscurities and slam-bam action flicks , a jaded critic smacks into something truly new . 
despite its title , punch-drunk love is never heavy-handed . the jabs it employs are short , carefully placed and dead-center . 
while it is interesting to witness the conflict from the palestinian side , longley's film lacks balance . . . and fails to put the struggle into meaningful historical context . 
i hated every minute of it . 
it's probably worth catching solely on its visual merits . if only it had the story to match . 
a lovably old-school hollywood confection . 
mildly entertaining . 
shocking only in that it reveals the filmmaker's bottomless pit of self-absorption . 
whenever you think you've figured out late marriage , it throws you for a loop . 
showtime is closer to slowtime . 
both awful and appealing . 
the whole cast looks to be having so much fun with the slapstick antics and silly street patois , tossing around obscure expressions like bellini and mullinski , that the compact 86 minutes breezes by . 
a decent-enough nail-biter that stands a good chance of being the big hit franklin needs to stay afloat in hollywood . 
inside the film's conflict-powered plot there is a decent moral trying to get out , but it's not that , it's the tension that keeps you in your seat . affleck and jackson are good sparring partners . 
a handsome but unfulfilling suspense drama more suited to a quiet evening on pbs than a night out at an amc . 
the so-inept- it's-surreal dubbing ( featuring the voices of glenn close , regis philbin and breckin meyer ) brings back memories of cheesy old godzilla flicks . 
in death to smoochy , we don't get williams' usual tear and a smile , just sneers and bile , and the spectacle is nothing short of refreshing . 
the first half bursts with a goofy energy previous disney films only used for a few minutes here and there . 
follows the original film virtually scene for scene and yet manages to bleed it almost completely dry of humor , verve and fun . 
reno does what he can in a thankless situation , the film ricochets from humor to violence and back again , and ryoko hirosue makes us wonder if she is always like that . 
ultimately , it ponders the reasons we need stories so much . 
if you are into splatter movies , then you will probably have a reasonably good time with the salton sea . 
forget about one oscar nomination for julianne moore this year - she should get all five . 
those who managed to avoid the deconstructionist theorizing of french philosopher jacques derrida in college can now take an 85-minute brush-up course with the documentary derrida . or , you can do something fun tonight . 
the new film of anton chekhov's the cherry orchard puts the 'ick' in 'classic . '
there has to be a few advantages to never growing old . like being able to hit on a 15-year old when you're over 100 . 
majidi's direction has never been smoother or more confident . 
a movie that harps on media-constructed 'issues' like whether compromise is the death of self… this orgasm [won't be an] exceedingly memorable one for most people . 
care deftly captures the wonder and menace of growing up , but he never really embraces the joy of fuhrman's destructive escapism or the grace-in-rebellion found by his characters . 
a positively thrilling combination of ethnography and all the intrigue , betrayal , deceit and murder of a shakespearean tragedy or a juicy soap opera . 
weiss and speck never make a convincing case for the relevance of these two 20th-century footnotes . 
like a skillful fisher , the director uses the last act to reel in the audience since its poignancy hooks us completely . 
black-and-white and unrealistic . 
an occasionally interesting but mostly repetitive look at a slice of counterculture that might be best forgotten . 
the hours makes you examine your own life in much the same way its characters do , and the experience is profound . the hours is what movies are supposed to be . . . 
an atonal estrogen opera that demonizes feminism while gifting the most sympathetic male of the piece with a nice vomit bath at his wedding . 
how good this film might be , depends if you believe that the shocking conclusion is too much of a plunge or not . 
the cast is uniformly excellent . . . but the film itself is merely mildly charming . 
it's absolutely spooky how lillard channels the shagster right down to the original casey kasem-furnished voice . 
os universos de chuck barris e charlie kaufman são complementares . e igualmente fascinantes . 
while the now 72-year-old robert evans been slowed down by a stroke , he has at least one more story to tell : his own . 
about amy's cuteness , amy's career success ( she's a best-selling writer of self-help books who can't help herself ) , and amy's neuroses when it comes to men . 
this is a fudged opportunity of gigantic proportions -- a lunar mission with no signs of life . 
an artful yet depressing film that makes a melodramatic mountain out of the molehill of a missing bike . 
the story ultimately takes hold and grips hard . 
kim ki-deok seems to have in mind an ( emotionally at least ) adolescent audience demanding regular shocks and bouts of barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested . 
though the film is well-intentioned , one could rent the original and get the same love story and parable . 
kids should have a stirring time at this beautifully drawn movie . and adults will at least have a dream image of the west to savor whenever the film's lamer instincts are in the saddle . 
one of the most highly-praised disappointments i've had the misfortune to watch in quite some time . 
now as a former gong show addict , i'll admit it , my only complaint is that we didn't get more re-creations of all those famous moments from the show . 
an exhilarating serving of movie fluff . 
if you ignore the cliches and concentrate on city by the sea's interpersonal drama , it ain't half-bad . 
coppola has made a film of intoxicating atmosphere and little else . 
lends itself to the narcotizing bland ( sinister , though not nearly so sinister as the biennial disney girl movie ) machinations of the biennial disney boy movie . 
this big screen caper has a good bark , far from being a bow-wow . 
it was a dark and stormy night . . . 
this is one of those war movies that focuses on human interaction rather than battle and action sequences . . . and it's all the stronger because of it . 
seeing as the film lacks momentum and its position remains mostly undeterminable , the director's experiment is a successful one . 
though writer/director bart freundlich's film ultimately becomes a simplistic story about a dysfunctional parent-child relationship , it has some special qualities and the soulful gravity of crudup's anchoring performance . 
there has been a string of ensemble cast romances recently . . . but peter mattei's love in the time of money sets itself apart by forming a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive ( if tragic ) note . 
it's clear that mehta simply wanted to update her beloved genre for the thousands of indians who fancy themselves too sophisticated for the cheese-laced spectacles that pack 'em in on the subcontinent . 
a cockeyed shot all the way . 
you have enough finely tuned acting to compensate for the movie's failings . 
woody allen's latest is an ambling , broad comedy about all there is to love -- and hate -- about the movie biz . 
i have a confession to make : i didn't particularly like e . t . the first time i saw it as a young boy . that is because - damn it ! - i also wanted a little alien as a friend ! 
one of the more irritating cartoons you will see this , or any , year . 
the heedless impetuousness of youth is on full , irritating display in [this] meandering and pointless french coming-of-age import from writer-director anne-sophie birot . 
a very slow , uneventful ride around a pretty tattered old carousel . 
strip it of all its excess debris , and you'd have a 90-minute , four-star movie . as it is , it's too long and unfocused . 
like showgirls and glitter , the most entertaining moments here are unintentional . 
i'd give real money to see the perpetrators of chicago torn apart by dingoes . 
superbly photographed and staged by mendes with a series of riveting set pieces the likes of which mainstream audiences have rarely seen . 
the sundance film festival has become so buzz-obsessed that fans and producers descend upon utah each january to ferret out the next great thing . 'tadpole' was one of the films so declared this year , but it's really more of the next pretty good thing . 
a fine effort , an interesting topic , some intriguing characters and a sad ending . certainly the big finish wasn't something galinsky and hawley could have planned for . . . but part of being a good documentarian is being there when the rope snaps . 
happily for mr . chin -- though unhappily for his subjects -- the invisible hand of the marketplace wrote a script that no human screenwriter could have hoped to match . 
the far future may be awesome to consider , but from period detail to matters of the heart , this film is most transporting when it stays put in the past . 
a mess when it comes to the characters and writing . . . but works its way underneath the skin like few movies have in recent memory . 
[director] byler may yet have a great movie in him , but charlotte sometimes is only half of one . 
the lion king was a roaring success when it was released eight years ago , but on imax it seems better , not just bigger . 
a movie in which two not very absorbing characters are engaged in a romance you can't wait to see end . 
it may be a somewhat backhanded compliment to say that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie's most admirable quality
an unwise amalgam of broadcast news and vibes . 
swims in mediocrity , sticking its head up for a breath of fresh air now and then . 
it was only a matter of time before some savvy producer saw the potential success inherent in the mixture of bullock bubble and hugh goo . 
the story line may be 127 years old , but el crimen del padre amaro . . . couldn't be more timely in its despairing vision of corruption within the catholic establishment . 
by presenting an impossible romance in an impossible world , pumpkin dares us to say why either is impossible -- which forces us to confront what's possible and what we might do to make it so . 
rabbit-proof fence will probably make you angry . but it will just as likely make you weep , and it will do so in a way that doesn't make you feel like a sucker . 
it's not the least of afghan tragedies that this noble warlord would be consigned to the dustbin of history . 
for its seriousness , high literary aspirations and stunning acting , the film can only be applauded . 
medem may have disrobed most of the cast , leaving their bodies exposed , but the plot remains as guarded as a virgin with a chastity belt . that's why sex and lucia is so alluring . 
for the most part , the ingredients are there . but an unwillingness to explore beyond the surfaces of her characters prevents nettelbeck's film from coming together . 
nothing's at stake , just a twisty double-cross you can smell a mile away--still , the derivative nine queens is lots of fun . 
odd and weird . 
the quiet american isn't a bad film , it's just one that could easily wait for your pay per view dollar . 
this remake gets all there is to get out of a peculiar premise with promise : al pacino loathing robin williams . 
what's so fun about this silly , outrageous , ingenious thriller is the director's talent . watching a brian depalma movie is like watching an alfred hitchcock movie after drinking twelve beers . 
no one goes unindicted here , which is probably for the best . and if you're not nearly moved to tears by a couple of scenes , you've got ice water in your veins . 
the animation is competent , and some of the gags are quite funny , but jonah . . . never shakes the oppressive , morally superior good-for-you quality that almost automatically accompanies didactic entertainment . 
the movie spends more time with schneider than with newcomer mcadams , even though her performance is more interesting ( and funnier ) than his . 
it was filled with shootings , beatings , and more cussing than you could shake a stick at . 
there is little question that this is a serious work by an important director who has something new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out . 
how i killed my father would be a rarity in hollywood . it's an actor's showcase that accomplishes its primary goal without the use of special effects , but rather by emphasizing the characters -- including the supporting ones . 
neither parker nor donovan is a typical romantic lead , but they bring a fresh , quirky charm to the formula . 
although the editing might have been tighter , hush ! sympathetically captures the often futile lifestyle of young people in modern japan . 
a glorious mess . 
completely awful iranian drama . . . as much fun as a grouchy ayatollah in a cold mosque . 
at its worst , the movie is pretty diverting ; the pity is that it rarely achieves its best . 
as a science fiction movie , " minority report " astounds . 
yo , it's the days of our lives meets electric boogaloo . 
it's about issues most adults have to face in marriage and i think that's what i liked about it -- the real issues tucked between the silly and crude storyline . 
a journey that is as difficult for the audience to take as it is for the protagonist -- yet it's potentially just as rewarding . 
there are touching moments in etoiles , but for the most part this is a dull , dour documentary on what ought to be a joyful or at least fascinating subject . 
it's a brilliant , honest performance by nicholson , but the film is an agonizing bore except when the fantastic kathy bates turns up . bravado kathy ! 
return to never land may be another shameless attempt by disney to rake in dough from baby boomer families , but it's not half-bad . 
the movie occasionally threatens to become didactic , but it's too grounded in the reality of its characters to go over the edge . a touch of humor or an unexpected plot twist always pulls it back . 
one of the oddest and most inexplicable sequels in movie history . 
with recent tensions rekindled by the kathleen soliah trial and the upcoming trial of sla members emily and william harris , not to mention sept . 11 , its difficult these days to appreciate fire's bright side . 
while the frequent allusions to gurus and doshas will strike some westerners as verging on mumbo-jumbo . . . broad streaks of common sense emerge with unimpeachable clarity . 
though it's become almost redundant to say so , major kudos go to leigh for actually casting people who look working-class . 
if the film has a problem , its shortness disappoints : you want the story to go on and on . 
less a study in madness or love than a study in schoolgirl obsession . 
fear permeates the whole of stortelling , todd solondz' oftentimes funny , yet ultimately cowardly autocritique . 
diane lane's sophisticated performance can't rescue adrian lyne's unfaithful from its sleazy moralizing . 
i had a dream that a smart comedy would come along to rescue me from a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop , and its name was earnest . 
this is wild surreal stuff , but brilliant and the camera just kind of sits there and lets you look at this and its like you're going from one room to the next and none of them have any relation to the other . 
if no one singles out any of these performances as award-worthy , it's only because we would expect nothing less from this bunch . 
weighty and ponderous but every bit as filling as the treat of the title . 
it's mindless junk like this that makes you appreciate original romantic comedies like punch-drunk love . 
the climactic events are so well realized that you may forget all about the original conflict , just like the movie does
it's so good that you can practically see the hollywood 'suits' trying to put together the cast and filmmaking team for the all-too -inevitable american remake . 
what's infuriating about full frontal is that it's too close to real life to make sense . what's invigorating about it is that it doesn't give a damn . 
authentic , and at times endearing , humorous , spooky , educational , but at other times as bland as a block of snow . 
one of those staggeringly well-produced , joylessly extravagant pictures that keep whooshing you from one visual marvel to the next , hastily , emptily . 
at once subtle and visceral , the film never succumbs to the trap of the maudlin or tearful , offering instead with its unflinching gaze a measure of faith in the future . 
each punch seen through prison bars , the fights become not so much a struggle of man vs . man as brother-man vs . the man . 
all of the filmmakers' calculations can't rescue brown sugar from the curse of blandness . 
there are enough throwaway references to faith and rainbows to plant smile-button faces on that segment of the populace that made a walk to remember a niche hit . 
gives us a lot to chew on , but not all of it has been properly digested . 
disappointingly , the characters are too strange and dysfunctional , tom included , to ever get under the skin , but this is compensated in large part by the off-the-wall dialogue , visual playfulness and the outlandishness of the idea itself . 
may seriously impair your ability to ever again maintain a straight face while speaking to a highway patrolman . 
a showcase for both the scenic splendor of the mountains and for legendary actor michel serrault , the film is less successful on other levels . 
pumpkin struts about with " courage " pinned to its huckster lapel while a yellow streak a mile wide decorates its back . 
scorsese doesn't give us a character worth giving a damn about . 
the 70-year-old godard has become , to judge from in praise of love , the sort of bitter old crank who sits behind his light meter and harangues the supposed injustices of the artistic world-at-large without doing all that much to correct them . 
payne constructs a hilarious ode to middle america and middle age with this unlikely odyssey , featuring a pathetic , endearing hero who is all too human . 
may take its sweet time to get wherever it's going , but if you have the patience for it , you won't feel like it's wasted yours . 
cal is an unpleasantly shallow and immature character with whom to spend 110 claustrophobic minutes . 
anthony hopkins ? big deal ! we've already seen the prequel to the silence of the lambs and hannibal -- and it was better the first time . 
comedy troupe broken lizard's first movie is very funny but too concerned with giving us a plot . 
every time you look , sweet home alabama is taking another bummer of a wrong turn . 
glib , satirical documentary that fudges facts , makes facile points and engages in the cinematic equivalent of tabloid journalism . 
methodical , measured , and gently tedious in its comedy , secret ballot is a purposefully reductive movie -- which may be why it's so successful at lodging itself in the brain . 
the band performances featured in drumline are red hot . . . [but] from a mere story point of view , the film's ice cold . 
the average local news columnist has a bigger rant on the war between modern landscape architecture and small-town america . 
asia authors herself as anna battista , an italian superstar and aspiring directress who just happens to be her own worst enemy . 
has enough wit , energy and geniality to please not only the fanatical adherents on either side , but also people who know nothing about the subject and think they're not interested . 
while much of the cast has charm -- especially allodi and nolden -- the performers are sunk by the film's primitive approach to the mechanics of comedy . 
the whole mildly pleasant outing -- the r rating is for brief nudity and a grisly corpse -- remains aloft not on its own self-referential hot air , but on the inspired performance of tim allen . 
the film can depress you about life itself . 
its screenplay serves as auto-critique , and its clumsiness as its own most damning censure . 
 . . . del toro maintains a dark mood that makes the film seem like something to endure instead of enjoy . 
spend your benjamins on a matinee . 
unlike his directorial efforts , la femme nikita and the professional , the transporter lacks besson's perspective as a storyteller . 
has enough gun battles and throwaway humor to cover up the yawning chasm where the plot should be . 
this time kaufman's imagination has failed him . 
the dose is strong and funny , for the first 15 minutes anyway ; after that , the potency wanes dramatically . 
a tedious parable about honesty and good sportsmanship . 
the movie is not as terrible as the synergistic impulse that created it . 
everything that has to do with yvan and charlotte , and everything that has to do with yvan's rambunctious , jewish sister and her non-jew husband , feels funny and true . 
it's not the worst comedy of the year , but it certainly won't win any honors . 
because the film deliberately lacks irony , it has a genuine dramatic impact ; it plays like a powerful 1957 drama we've somehow never seen before . 
the screenplay never lets us forget that bourne was once an amoral assassin just like the ones who are pursuing him . . . there is never really a true " us " versus " them " . 
makes for some truly odd , at times confusing , kids entertainment . . . but at least this time there's some centered storytelling to go along with all the weird stuff . 
a sloppy , amusing comedy that proceeds from a stunningly unoriginal premise . 
the grey zone gives voice to a story that needs to be heard in the sea of holocaust movies . . . but the film suffers from its own difficulties . 
the ring is worth a look , if you don't demand much more than a few cheap thrills from your halloween entertainment . 
sc2 is an autopilot hollywood concoction lacking in imagination and authentic christmas spirit , yet it's geared toward an audience full of masters of both . 
where this was lazy but enjoyable , a formula comedy redeemed by its stars , that is even lazier and far less enjoyable . 
adaptation's success in engaging the audience in the travails of creating a screenplay is extraordinary . 
a dull , simple-minded and stereotypical tale of drugs , death and mind-numbing indifference on the inner-city streets . 
the film is old-fashioned , occasionally charming and as subtle as boldface . 
it takes you somewhere you're not likely to have seen before , but beneath the exotic surface ( and exotic dancing ) it's surprisingly old-fashioned . 
reggio and glass so rhapsodize cynicism , with repetition and languorous slo-mo sequences , that glass's dirgelike score becomes a fang-baring lullaby . 
even if you don't understand what on earth is going on , this is a movie that will stimulate hours of post viewing discussion , if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why . 
i stopped thinking about how good it all was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights . 
the movie is well crafted , and well executed . if you're paying attention , the " big twists " are pretty easy to guess - but that doesn't make the movie any less entertaining . 
it has more in common with a fireworks display than a movie , which normally is expected to have characters and a storyline . 
a 'girls gone wild' video for the boho art-house crowd , the burning sensation isn't a definitive counter-cultural document -- its makers aren't removed and inquisitive enough for that . 
the directive to protect the code at all costs also begins to blur as the importance of the man and the code merge
while [roman coppola] scores points for style , he staggers in terms of story . 
a meatier deeper beginning and/or ending would have easily tipped this film into the " a " range , as is , it's a very very strong " b+ . " i love the robust middle of this picture . 
as inept as big-screen remakes of the avengers and the wild wild west . 
even when it drags , we are forced to reflect that its visual imagination is breathtaking
'es en verdad una pena que mandoki esté realizando cintas tan malas desde hace algún tiempo , pues talento tiene , pero quién sabe dónde lo tiene escondido . '
it's a cool event for the whole family . maybe not a classic , but a movie the kids will want to see over and over again . 
adams , with four scriptwriters , takes care with the characters , who are so believable that you feel what they feel . 
oft-described as the antidote to american pie-type sex comedies , it actually has a bundle in common with them , as the film diffuses every opportunity for a breakthrough
it's up to [watts] to lend credibility to this strange scenario , and her presence succeeds in making us believe . 
watching the film is like reading a times portrait of grief that keeps shifting focus to the journalist who wrote it . 
wins my vote for 'the 2002 enemy of cinema' award . 
intriguing documentary which is emotionally diluted by focusing on the story's least interesting subject . 
though it inspires some ( out-of-field ) creative thought , the film is -- to its own detriment -- much more a cinematic collage than a polemical tract . 
the film brilliantly shines on all the characters , as the direction is intelligently accomplished . 
typical animé , with cheapo animation ( like saturday morning tv in the '60s ) , a complex sword-and-sorcery plot and characters who all have big round eyes and japanese names . 
as hugh grant says repeatedly throughout the movie , 'lovely ! brilliant ! '
this film seems thirsty for reflection , itself taking on adolescent qualities . 
waiting for godard can be fruitful : 'in praise of love' is the director's epitaph for himself . 
like a veteran head cutter , barbershop is tuned in to its community . 
chao was chen kaige's assistant for years in china . he has not learnt that storytelling is what the movies are about . 
without [de niro] , city by the sea would slip under the waves . he drags it back , single-handed . 
the film runs on a little longer than it needs to -- muccino either doesn't notice when his story ends or just can't tear himself away from the characters -- but it's smooth and professional . 
a great ensemble cast can't lift this heartfelt enterprise out of the familiar . 
children may not understand everything that happens -- i'm not sure even miyazaki himself does -- but they will almost certainly be fascinated , and undoubtedly delighted . 
[hawn's character]is so bluntly written , without a trace of sentimentality , and so blisteringly defined , that every other character seems overlooked and underwritten . 
affleck merely creates an outline for a role he still needs to grow into , a role that ford effortlessly filled with authority . 
the movie is gorgeously made , but it is also somewhat shallow and art-conscious . 
its well of thorn and vinegar ( and simple humanity ) has long been plundered by similar works featuring the insight and punch this picture so conspicuously lacks . 
[stevens is] so stoked to make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits . 
hey , happy ! is many things -- stoner midnight flick , sci-fi deconstruction , gay fantasia -- but above all it's a love story as sanguine as its title . 
a rather average action film that benefits from several funny moments supplied by epps . 
memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension flaccid and , by extension , its surprises limp and its resolutions ritual . 
 " roger michell ( " notting hill " ) directs a morality thriller . " 
while its careful pace and seemingly opaque story may not satisfy every moviegoer's appetite , the film's final scene is soaringly , transparently moving . 
contradicts everything we've come to expect from movies nowadays . instead of simply handling conventional material in a conventional way , secretary takes the most unexpected material and handles it in the most unexpected way . 
' . . . both hokey and super-cool , and definitely not in a hurry , so sit back , relax and have a few laughs while the little ones get a fuzzy treat . '
less-than-compelling documentary of a yiddish theater clan . 
[howard] so good as leon barlow . . . that he hardly seems to be acting . 
it's depressing to see how far herzog has fallen . 
boy , has this franchise ever run out of gas . 
what with the incessant lounge music playing in the film's background , you may mistake love liza for an adam sandler chanukah song . 
more mature than fatal attraction , more complete than indecent proposal and more relevant than 9 ½ weeks , unfaithful is at once intimate and universal cinema . 
two hours of melodramatic musical married to two hours of underdog sports intrigue , if the picture also shares the weaknesses of both genres , more's the pity . 
high drama , disney-style - a wing and a prayer and a hunky has-been pursuing his castle in the sky . 
 " . . . something appears to have been lost in the translation this time . the importance of being earnest movie seems to be missing a great deal of the acerbic repartee of the play . " 
a rip-roaring comedy action fest that'll put hairs on your chest . 
this is so de palma . if you love him , you'll like it . if you don't . . . well , skip to another review . 
only two-fifths of a satisfying movie experience . 
reign of fire never comes close to recovering from its demented premise , but it does sustain an enjoyable level of ridiculousness . 
labute's careful handling makes the material seem genuine rather than pandering . 
the movie isn't just hilarious : it's witty and inventive , too , and in hindsight , it isn't even all that dumb . 
una película oscura , precisa , por momentos grandiosa y casi siempre conmovedora . 
i'm sure the filmmaker would disagree , but , honestly , i don't see the point . it's a visual rorschach test and i must have failed . 
sex with strangers is fascinating . . . 
the entire movie is filled with deja vu moments . 
though mama takes a bit too long to find its rhythm and a third-act plot development is somewhat melodramatic , its ribald humor and touching nostalgia are sure to please anyone in search of a jules and jim for the new millennium . 
bad company has one of the most moronic screenplays of the year , full of holes that will be obvious even to those who aren't looking for them . 
the film apparently takes place in a fantasy world where people in hotel hallways recite poetry in voice-over instead of speaking to each other . 
a model of what films like this should be like . 
the inspirational screenplay by mike rich covers a lot of ground , perhaps too much , but ties things together , neatly , by the end . 
all ms . jovovich , as the sanctified heroine , has to do is look radiant , grimly purposeful and mildly alarmed while forcing open doors , wielding wrenches and fleeing monsters . 
there are a couple of things that elevate " glory " above most of its ilk , most notably the mere presence of duvall . 
although tender and touching , the movie would have benefited from a little more dramatic tension and some more editing . 
every dance becomes about seduction , where backstabbing and betrayals are celebrated , and sex is currency . 
irwin is so earnest that it's hard to resist his pleas to spare wildlife and respect their environs . there are far worse messages to teach a young audience , which will probably be perfectly happy with the sloppy slapstick comedy . 
based on a devilishly witty script by heather mcgowan and niels mueller , the film gets great laughs , but never at the expense of its characters
 sandra bullock and hugh grant make a great team , but this predictable romantic comedy should get a pink slip . 
a humorless journey into a philosophical void . 
girls gone wild and gone civil again
to portray modern women the way director davis has done is just unthinkable . 
lazy , miserable and smug . this is one of the biggest disappointments of the year . 
this may be the dumbest , sketchiest movie on record about an aspiring writer's coming-of-age . 
rubbo runs through a remarkable amount of material in the film's short 90 minutes . 
tambor and clayburgh make an appealing couple — he's understated and sardonic , she's appealingly manic and energetic . both deserve better . 
it's at once laughable and compulsively watchable , in its committed dumbness . 
an odd , haphazard , and inconsequential romantic comedy . 
this often-hilarious farce manages to generate the belly laughs of lowbrow comedy without sacrificing its high-minded appeal . 
the story feels more like a serious read , filled with heavy doses of always enticing sayles dialogue . 
as literary desecrations go , this makes for perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children's entertainment . you'll forget about it by monday , though , and if they're old enough to have developed some taste , so will your kids . 
[allen] manages to breathe life into this somewhat tired premise . 
another love story in 2002's remarkable procession of sweeping pictures that have reinvigorated the romance genre . 
10 minutes into the film you'll be white-knuckled and unable to look away . 
a work that lacks both a purpose and a strong pulse . 
elaborate special effects take centre screen , so that the human story is pushed to one side . 
the most anti-human big studio picture since 3000 miles to graceland . 
it's sweet , harmless , dumb , occasionally funny and about as compelling as a fishing show . 
lacks heart , depth and , most of all , purpose . 
there's something not entirely convincing about the quiet american . and that holds true for both the movie and the title character played by brendan fraser . 
a marvel like none you've seen . 
time of favor could have given audiences the time of day by concentrating on the elements of a revealing alienation among a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation . 
it's all very cute , though not terribly funny if you're more than six years old . 
triumph of love is a very silly movie , but the silliness has a pedigree . 
maybe it is formula filmmaking , but there's nothing wrong with that if the film is well-crafted and this one is . 
an intriguing near-miss . 
though the book runs only about 300 pages , it is so densely packed . . . that even an ambitious adaptation and elaborate production like mr . schepisi's seems skimpy and unclear . 
a horror movie with seriously dumb characters , which somewhat dilutes the pleasure of watching them stalked by creepy-crawly bug things that live only in the darkness . 
it's immensely ambitious , different than anything that's been done before and amazingly successful in terms of what it's trying to do . 
as they used to say in the 1950s sci-fi movies , signs is a tribute to shyamalan's gifts , which are such that we'll keep watching the skies for his next project . 
 " an entire film about researchers quietly reading dusty old letters . " 
this is historical filmmaking without the balm of right-thinking ideology , either liberal or conservative . mr . scorsese's bravery and integrity in advancing this vision can hardly be underestimated . 
still pretentious and filled with subtext , but entertaining enough at 'face value' to recommend to anyone looking for something different . 
to the film's credit , the acting is fresh and unselfconscious , and munch is a marvel of reality versus sappy sentiment . 
cherish is a dud -- a romantic comedy that's not the least bit romantic and only mildly funny . 
viewers of " the ring " are more likely to remember the haunting images than the plot holes . 
a marvel of production design . 
safe conduct , however ambitious and well-intentioned , fails to hit the entertainment bull's-eye . 
a screenplay more ingeniously constructed than " memento " 
a film that will enthrall the whole family . 
it's like a " big chill " reunion of the baader-meinhof gang , only these guys are more harmless pranksters than political activists . 
if the count of monte cristo doesn't transform caviezel into a movie star , then the game is even more rigged than it was two centuries ago . 
by the end of no such thing the audience , like beatrice , has a watchful affection for the monster . 
some of their jokes work , but most fail miserably and in the end , pumpkin is far more offensive than it is funny . 
remains a solid , if somewhat heavy-handed , account of the near-disaster . . . done up by howard with a steady , if not very imaginative , hand . 
despite the long running time , the pace never feels slack -- there's no scene that screams " bathroom break ! " 
spirit is a visual treat , and it takes chances that are bold by studio standards , but it lacks a strong narrative . 
leave it to john sayles to take on developers , the chamber of commerce , tourism , historical pageants , and commercialism all in the same movie . . . without neglecting character development for even one minute . 
who is the audience for cletis tout ? anybody who enjoys quirky , fun , popcorn movies with a touch of silliness and a little bloodshed . 
whether quitting will prove absorbing to american audiences is debatable . 
the ethos of the chelsea hotel may shape hawke's artistic aspirations , but he hasn't yet coordinated his own dv poetry with the beat he hears in his soul . 
[moore's] better at fingering problems than finding solutions . but though he only scratches the surface , at least he provides a strong itch to explore more . 
what could have become just another cautionary fable is allowed to play out as a clever , charming tale – as pleasantly in its own way as its self-dramatizing characters . 
[lee] treats his audience the same way that jim brown treats his women -- as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects . and lee seems just as expectant of an adoring , wide-smiling reception . 
the innocence of holiday cheer ain't what it used to be . 
with its hint of an awkward hitchcockian theme in tact , harmon's daunting narrative promotes a reasonable landscape of conflict and pathos to support the scattershot terrorizing tone
the vistas are sweeping and the acting is far from painful . 
muccino seems to be exploring the idea of why human beings long for what they don't have , and how this gets us in trouble . but even while his characters are acting horribly , he is always sympathetic . 
a pure participatory event that malnourished intellectuals will gulp down in a frenzy . 
it's a glorious spectacle like those d . w . griffith made in the early days of silent film . 
the film's bathos often overwhelms what could have been a more multifaceted look at this interesting time and place . 
the film becomes an overwhelming pleasure , and you find yourself rooting for gai's character to avoid the fate that has befallen every other carmen before her . 
what doesn't this film have that an impressionable kid couldn't stand to hear ? 
in some ways , lagaan is quintessential bollywood . except it's much , much better . 
the message of such reflections--intentional or not--is that while no art grows from a vacuum , many artists exist in one . 
there's no doubting that this is a highly ambitious and personal project for egoyan , but it's also one that , next to his best work , feels clumsy and convoluted . 
for anyone who remembers the '60s or is interested in one man's response to stroke , ram dass : fierce grace is worth seeking out . 
a mildly enjoyable if toothless adaptation of a much better book . 
this is an elegantly balanced movie -- every member of the ensemble has something fascinating to do -- that doesn't reveal even a hint of artifice . 
this is the kind of subject matter that could so easily have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker , but ayres makes the right choices at every turn . 
